# Chapter 2 – Moonlight Shone Brightly on the Beautiful Cliff

(The Jade Cliff Under the Moonlight)

After all that mess, the moon has risen to the middle of the sky. Duan
Yu kept on walking west. Even though he does not know any kungfu, his
youth enabled him to keep this up. After about 10 kilometers he has
already arrived in the back mountains of No Measure Mountain. He
suddenly heard the sound of water running. Feeling thirsty, he went
searching and found the creek. Under the moonlight the creek water
looked clear and beautiful. Just as he put his into the creek, he heard
sound of a branch cracking followed by the footsteps of 2 people. Duan
Yu immediately lied down by the creek, not daring to make a noise.

Someone said: “There is a creek here, let’s get a couple of drinks here
before continuing.” The voice sounded familiar to Duan Yu as he suddenly
recognized it as Gan GuangHao, the disciple of Zuo ZiMu. Duan Yu became
even more still. The 2 of them walked up to the creek and started
drinking. After a bit, Gan GuangHao spoke up: “Sister Ge, looks like we
are already out of danger. Let’s rest a while before going on.” The girl
seemed to have agreed as it sounded like both of them sat down by the
creek.

The girl spoke up: “You sure that the Divine Farmer Clan won’t have
anyone this way?” Her voice is shaky, obviously scared. Gan GuangHao
tried to calm her: “Don’t worry, this path is as hidden as can be. Even
some of us in the East Faction don’t know about it, not to mention the
Divine Farmer Clan.” The girl asked: “Then how did you know about this?”
Gan GuangHao replied: “Every 5 days, my master would take some of us
here to try to crack the secret of the ‘No Measure Jade Cliff’. All
these years, all we did was stare at the rock like a bunch of retards.
Master kept on saying something to the effect of ‘to get things done you
must show perseverance and determination’ and ‘good things come to those
with aspirations’. But I really just can’t stand it anymore, so
sometimes I excuse myself to do that kind of personal business to come
out here and wander around. That’s how I found this path.”

The girl laughed a little and said: “So you don’t want to put in the
work and ran off. I say in your faction, you probably have the least
perseverance and determination.” Gan GuangHao laughed and replied:
“Sister Ge, in the competition 5 years ago, when I lost to you….” The
girl cuts in: “Don’t you say that you lost to me again. You pretended
that your inner strength was weaker and let me win on purpose. Others
can’t tell, but don’t you think I know?”

Duan Yu thought to himself: “So this girl is a disciple of the West
Faction of No Measure Sword.”

Gan GuangHao replied: “The moment I saw you, I swore to myself that I
will spend the rest of my life with you no matter what. Luckily such a
rare chance came today with the Divine Farmer Clan coming to attack. Not
to mention that pair of bastard guy and girl and their stinking marten.
The entire Sword Lake Palace was a mess, giving us such a great
opportunity to run away. Wouldn’t you say that this is ‘good things come
to those with aspirations’?” The girl laughed a bit and tenderly
replied: “I say ‘good things came to those with aspirations’ for me as
well.” Gan GuangHao replied: “Sister Ge, if you treat me this way, then
I would listen to whatever you say for the rest of my life.”

The girl sighed: “With us betraying our masters and running off like
this, we can’t ever stand in the martial world ever again. We should go
as far away as we can, find a nice and secret place and hide there away
from our masters and sect members. I’m scared just thinking about them
finding us.” Gan GuangHao replied: “I say you don’t have that much to
worry about. Seems like the Divine Farmer Clan came prepared this time.
Besides the 2 of us, I don’t think anyone else would be able to escape.”
The girl sighed again: “Hopefully.”

Duan Yu became very angry and thought to himself: “The 2 of you becoming
husband and wife and running off when seeing that there is trouble is
really no big deal. But why wish death upon your master and martial
brothers? Such evil hearts.” But he was still wise enough to figure out
that if they found out he is here they would kill him to keep this
quiet. So he still did not make a noise.

The girl asked: “What is the big deal about this ‘No Measure Jade
Cliff’? You have lived here for 10 years now, haven’t you at least found
something?”

Gan GuangHao replied: “Since we are together now, I have nothing to hide
from you. Master said that a long while back, at that time his master
was the head of the East Faction, under the moonlight, he often sees
faint reflections practicing swords on the cliff. Sometimes it’s a man,
sometimes it’s a woman, and then other times they are sparring. The kind
of sword skill they were displaying was something that he has never even
dreamed of, much less heard of or seen. It is as if they were angels. He
hoped to learn a couple of moves, but not only are the reflections on
the cliff just too fast and too amazing, but they also seem supernatural
as if nonexistent. He just can’t make out anything clearly, much less
learn a move or 2. The angels don’t appear regularly either, sometimes
they appear every night, sometimes there are months between appearances.
My master’s master became so obsessed with the reflections on the cliff
that he actually became worse and worse at our own sect’s sword skills
and doesn’t even train his students anymore. That’s how the West Faction
won later on. Sister Ge, when your master’s master came to live in Sword
Lake Palace, did she see anything?”

The girl replied: “I heard from my master that her master saw the images
on the cliff as well. But grand master only saw the woman and never seen
any of man angel. Maybe it was because her master was a woman so only
the female angel appeared to her. But after 2 years, she was gone as
well. Her master also said that the sword skills were incredible, but
they were just too fast and the reflections were too blurry for her to
see it clearly. The cliff is separated by the canyon and the Sword Lake,
so she couldn’t get closer to have a better look. Grand master obviously
received a gift from the heavens, yet she just cannot learn even a move
or 2. For that you can just imagine how she felt inside. After the
reflections stopped appearing, she would spend days upon days staring at
the cliff. She just got weaker and weaker until she died of illness
about half a year later. She died lying on the peak, and would not let
her disciples move her back to Sword Lake Palace. Master said that even
as she drew her last breath she was still staring at the cliff.” She
paused a bit before continuing: “Brother Gan, do you really believe
there are angels? Or are our grandmasters lying to us?”

Gan GuangHao replied: “I don’t think both our grandmasters made up such
a story to deceive their disciples. Even if we believed it, then what?
Besides, Martial Uncle Sheng told me that he saw the images with his
very own two eyes. But are there really angels in the world? That I do
not know.”

The girl asked: “Is it possible that it’s two masters practicing swords
in front of the cliff and was reflected onto the cliff?” Gan GuangHao
answered: “Grandmaster thought about that as well at the time. But right
in front of the cliff is the Sword Lake, and west of the lake is the
canyon. Even if the 2 master martial artist knew how to walk on water
and were practicing on the lake, grandmaster would have seen them. If
they were practicing on this side of the lake, then they really are too
far away to cast any kind of reflection onto the cliff.” The girl said:
“After my grandmaster died, her disciples performed rites and prayed in
front of the cliff every night, hoping the angels would appear again.
But they never did see it again. My master also wants to just get one
glance at the angels, but it just so happens that we have lost both
contests to your East Faction in the last 10 years.”

Gan GuangHao replied: “From now on, there is no East or West Faction
between us. We East and West is connected in marriage and merge as
one….” The girl moaned a couple of times and said: “S… stop that!”
Obviously Gan GuangHao is trying to get a little closer with her, but
the girl is refusing. Gan GuangHao spoke up: “From this day forth, if I
ever betray your heart in anyway, then let me fall into this creek and
become a turtle.” The girl coquettishly laughed: “You turn into a
turtle? Then what does that say about me?”{Note, in Chinese street talk,
a turtle is a man whose wife is cheating on him.}

When Duan Yu heard that, he can’t help but let out a laugh. As soon as
the laughter came out he knew he was in trouble. So he jumped up and
started to run. Gan GuangHao’s voice came from behind him: “Who is it?”
His voice was followed by the sound of his footsteps, coming after him.
{Duan Yu seems to have problems controlling his sense of humor doesn’t
he?}

Duan Yu can’t believe his luck and ran for his life. Suddenly, a flash
of white came from the west. A girl with a sword in hand is coming down
the slope as if to cut him off. Duan Yu let out an “Ai-Yo!” and turned
toward the east. All the while he kept on praying: “Great Benevolent and
Merciful Bodhisattva, please bless and protect your humble disciple Duan
Yu out of this mess!” He can still hear the footsteps of Gan GuangHao
chasing after him so he kept right on running. After a while, he started
having trouble keeping this up and his breathing became very hard, Gan
GuangHao suddenly spoke up: “Sister Ge, block that pass over there.”

Duan Yu thought to himself: “You giving your life away is really no big
deal. But if you die you are taking Miss Zhong’s life with you, as well
as all the people in the Divine Farmer Clan. Now that indeed is a sin.
Amida Buddha and Bodhisattva.” Then his thoughts turned: “Duan Yu my
good man, so what if they become turtles, what does that have to do with
you? Why did you laugh for no reason whatsoever? With that laugh you
have killed dozens of lives! Only unrivaled beauties can bring down
cities with a smile or a laugh. Who do you think you are with this
little laugh of yours? What are you planning on bringing down?” Even
though he is blaming and scolding himself in his mind, his legs had not
let up yet. By now he doesn’t really care where he is going, just as
long as it is deeper into the woods.

{A little commentary by me. Duan Yu here refers to a idiom saying that
unrivaled beauties destroys cities and kingdoms with a smile, it comes
from a true story very early in Chinese history. However, it also is a
basic concept in ancient Chinese culture. As expected in such
chauvinisticic society as ancient China was, many failures of kings and
lords are not blamed on themselves but on women whom they associate
with. There are many examples of this. In 771 BC, King Zhou You’s own
personal ignorance and foolishness that led to his demise was blamed on
his consort Bao Si (who’s famous smile was worth 1000 gold pieces). At
the end of the Spring and Autumn period, the fall of the state of Wu was
not blamed on the Lord of Yue, who put an end to Wu in revenge for an
earlier loss, but on the fact the Lord of Wu was infatuated with Xi Shi,
a girl from the state of Yue. In A.D. 755, An LuShan, a trusted official
of the Emperor of Tang rebelled and almost overthrew the Tang dynasty.
The Emperor of Tang’s failure as a ruler was not blamed, his favorite
consort, Consort Yang, was! Jin Yong himself delved into this particular
phenomenon of Chinese history in Duke of Mt. Deer and its story about
Chen YuanYuan. To me, the section during which Chen YuanYuan reflected
on her life was the best part of all of Duke of Mt. Deer and one of the
most thought provoking and poignant sections that I have ever read.
Actually all of this is not really commentary but merely some
observations that I have made. }

After running for a while more, Duan Yu’s legs felt completely numb and
soft. Suddenly he heard the sound of water running, very loud sound in
fact, as if the tides were just coming in. He looked up and saw a huge
waterfall falling off of a cliff to the northwest. Over the water noise,
he heard Gan GuangHao’s voice: “Just ahead of you is the restricted area
of our sect, no one can enter. If you just go forward a few more meters,
you would be trespassing and will die without a burial place!” Duan Yu
thought to himself: “Even if I don’t trespass into the restricted area,
it’s not like you’ll let me go. Best I could hope for is dying with a
burial place. Really not much difference between having a burial place
and not having one.” So he picked up his speed even more. Gan GuangHao
shouted even louder: “Stop now! Don’t you want to live? Just ahead
is…..”

Duan Yu laughed and replied back: “I want to live, that’s why I’m
runnin….” Before he could finish his sentence, his foot suddenly had
nothing to step on. He doesn’t know any kungfu and is in such a hurry,
how could he possibly pull back from that? So he just fell. He screamed:
“Ai-Yo!” But by now his body is already more than 20 meters below the
top of the cliff where he lost his footing.

Duan Yu wildly waved his arm around, desperately hoping to be able to
grab onto something. But as he is doing so, he fell another 200 meters
or so. Suddenly his bottom hit something and his body was sprung back
upwards. Turns out that he fell onto an old pine tree that was growing
out of the face of the cliff. With a terrible rumble, the huge trunk of
the pine snapped, but the force of Duan Yu’s fall had been mostly
cancelled out.

Duan Yu started to fall down again. This time he reached out with both
his arms and grabbed onto another trunk of the pine tree. So there he
is, hanging in midair, swinging back and forth. He looked down and did
not see the bottom of the canyon, merely clouds. At this moment, his
body has been swung against the cliff. He immediately reached out with
his left hand and grabbed onto a shorter branch close to the face of the
cliff and found a place for his foot to balance himself. Only now was he
finally able to calm down and slowly move his body completely up against
the face of the cliff. He looked up to the old pine tree and said:
“Grandfather pine, thank you so much for your display of your abilities
that saved my life. Back then your ancestor helped Qing ShiHuang (first
emperor in Chinese history) get out of the rain and was granted the
title of ‘5th Rank Senior Official’. But how can saving a life compare
with protecting against the rain? I’m going to give you the position of
‘6th Rank Senior Official’. No, on second thought, definitely ‘7th’ or
‘8th Rank Senior Official’!”

He looked around him carefully and saw that the cliff has a huge crack
in it, one which he might be able to use to scale down. He took a couple
of deep breaths to calm himself and thought: “Gan GuangHao and that
Sister Ge of his surely would have thought that I am dead by now. No way
in the world could they have guessed that I would be rescued by an ‘8th
Ranked Senior Official’. They have probably already left the mountain to
work on their ‘merging of East and West Factions’. Who knows what kind
of danger is on the bottom of this cliff, but my life is living on
borrowed time anyway, doesn’t really matter where I lose it again. But
since Bodhisattva is protecting me, it’s better not to lose it for her.”

So he started to slowly descend along the crack. Inside the crack grew a
lot of weeds and small plants, so there really is no danger of losing
his footing and falling again. The only problem is this cliff seemed to
go on forever, after a while, his clothing were full of holes and rips
from the plants along the crack, not to mention his hands and feet.
After what seemed like forever, he still haven’t reached the bottom, but
fortunately as the cliff gets to the bottom it became less and less
steep, not straight down anymore. So by then Duan Yu was able to just
half-roll and half-crawl down, which is much faster.

But the sound of water splashing just kept on getting louder and louder,
Duan Yu started to worry again: “What if the bottom of this is white
water rapids?” Large water pellets were hitting his face, which was
actually kind of painful.

Before he had too much time to think all this over, and it wasn’t like
he had much choice in the matter, he has reached the bottom of the
cliff. When he stood up, he could not help but to scream in
astonishment. For on the cliff on the left side there is a waterfall
falling from the sky like a jade dragon falling from the sky into a big
and unusually clear lake. Despite of the waterfall, the lake is not
filled up, meaning that there must be a way for the water to leave the
valley. The water where the waterfall enters the lake is in turmoil;
however, merely a little bit over 20 meters away from the waterfall the
waters become calm and flat as a mirror. The moon shines down onto the
lake as there is also a moon shining back from the lake.

Facing this scene, Duan Yu was left agaping, not even able to sigh in
astonishment. He looked over to the side and saw several bushes of
camelias by the lake shore, looking as if they are alive under the
moonlight. The camelias of YuNan are the best in the world and Duan Yu
has always loved them. So now he actually stopped thinking about the
predicament he is in and walked over to get a closer look at the
flowers. All the while muttering to himself: “Even though there’s lots
of flowers here, there are only a couple of types really. And only these
few ‘Feathered Shirt, Rainbow Skirt’ are better than the ones at my
house. These ‘Lotus Every Step’ over here, on the other hand, aren’t
pure at all.”

After enjoying the camelias for a while, he walked over to the lake and
drank some water. The water felt clean and soothing on the tongue with
an unusual sweetness as a cool and smooth string of water went all the
way into his stomach. After recovering from the drink, he stood up and
walked along side the lake shore hoping to find a way out.

The lake is oval in shape, and more than half of it is hidden underneath
bushes of flowers and trees. He walked from west to east and then back
again to circle the lake once, which a trip of about 1 and a half
kilometers. It turns out that the cliff surrounds the lake on all 4
sides with no paths out. The side that he fell from is the least steep
portion of all, so it is impossible to climb on the others. Looking up,
he sees that the cliff extends to above the clouds. Getting down from
halfway was almost impossible, but climbing back up really is
impossible. Duan Yu thought to himself: “Even someone with the best
kungfu in the world won’t be able to get up there, so it’s obvious there
is not much difference between knowing or not knowing kungfu.”

By now it was getting close to dawn, but the entire place remained
incredibly still. Not a single trace or sign of an animal, not to
mention humans; the only thing that could be heard was a couple of birds
chirping at each other. Duan Yu started to worry again: “It is no big
deal if I starve to death here, but then that would mean that Miss Zong
would die as well. I can’t let her down like that. Not to mention my mom
and dad are probably worried sick about me.”

He sat down by the lake and worried in vain, unable to come up with a
single idea as to what to do. In desperation, he started to imagine:
“What if I can turn into a fish, then I could swim up the waterfall and
get out of here.” He turned to look at the waterfall more closely,
suddenly he noticed that the cliff besides it is smooth like jade. He
figured that this is probably due to the fact that a long time ago the
flow of water was much more than it is now and wore the cliff to its
present smooth state. Then the water flow decreased and exposed this
smooth as glass and bright as a mirror part of the cliff.

Suddenly, the conversation between Gan GuangHao and that Sister Xin of
his flashed in Duan Yu’s mind: “So this must be the ‘No Measure Jade
Cliff’ that they were talking about. They said that back then, when the
moon is bright, the head of both East and West Factions often saw images
of angels practicing swords on the cliff. This cliff is right besides
the cliff, for the image to reflect onto it, they really have to be
practicing in the middle of the lake. If I stand here on the east of the
lake my image could reflect onto the cliff as well, but the cliff on
this side is straight up and blocks out the moonlight, which would make
that impossible. Ah! I get it! Must be because there are some waterfowls
flying close to the surface of the lake so their images were reflected
onto the cliff. From afar, then of course, the movements are incredible,
fast, and strange. They have already assumed that it was angels
practicing swords, so that is what they thought they saw everytime. Of
course, they can’t make anything out of the display of ‘sword skills’
and eventually went down the wrong path and became obsessed.”

Once he figured all this out, he couldn’t help but laugh a little. It
has been 15 to 16 hours since the dinner at Sword Lake Palace and he is
getting very hungry. So he walked over to some bushes that had greenish
red wild fruits grown all over them. He picked one off and bit down, it
tasted just as sour as can be. But as hungry as he was, he didn’t care
and ate 10 or so in a row. After filling up somewhat, he suddenly felt
tired and sore all over his body. So he lied down on the grassy knoll
and had a great sleep.

This was one of the best sleeps that he has ever had. By the time he
woke up, the sun is already slightly to the west. There was a rainbow in
the middle of the lake, just as beautiful as can be. Duan Yu knew that
rainbows in this place is common because of the waterfall so he thought
to himself: “To be able to see such a scene before I die means that my
fortune is not bad. And to think that I would die here among the flowers
on the lakeside, not bad elegance there either. Such a beautiful lake,
too bad the camelias aren’t really of great standards.”

After sleeping, his spirits has picked up greatly: “Maybe there is an
exit in this place hidden behind the trees and the bushes. I was too
much in a hurry last night and might have missed it.” So he once again
walked alongside the lake in search of an exit, all the while humming
favorite tunes of his. He carefully searched everywhere with the
greatest care but behind all the bushes and trees were still just faces
of the cliff, going straight up into the clouds. He didn’t even find a
snake hole, not to mention a real exit.

The tunes that he was humming got quieter and quieter while the heart
became heavier and heavier. When he got back to where he fell asleep his
legs felt weak and he had to sit down. He thought: “Miss Zhong tried to
save me, but ended up giving her life away as well.”

Now that he is thinking about Zhong Ling, he took out her shoes from his
shirt and looked them over. Remembering back to her small and smooth
feet as well as her beautiful face, he had to bring the shoes up to his
lips and kiss it several times. Putting the shoes back into his shirt,
he thought to himself: “Seems like I don’t have a chance, and that means
neither does Miss Zhong. If she was here and the 2 of us can spend
what’s left of our lives together here on the shore of this lake, that
would be great. Too bad she is with that goat beard SiKong Xuan, no fun
there. I wonder if she’s thinking about me right now as well?” {I relate
to Duan Yu on many levels, as I think what he thinks about here is
exactly what I would be thinking as well}

Nothing to do, so he went over to the fruit trees to eat more fruits.
Suddenly, he realized: “I have searched everywhere but here! The cliff
might pull a ‘Far as the edge of the world, but close to be in front of
my eyes’!” He pulled the fruit tree branches aside, but shook his head
in disappointment. Behind the tree is another bare rock covered with
vines, no exit whatsoever. But a closer look revealed that this rock is
smooth to the point that it looks just like a copper mirror, only it is
much smaller than the one by the waterfall. Duan Yu suddenly thought to
himself: “Could this be the real ‘No Measure Jade Cliff’?” So he pulled
some of the vines off the rock. But besides being unusually smooth,
there is nothing special about the rock.

Suddenly an idea popped in his head: “Nobody would ever know that I died
here. No harm in carving a couple of words on this rock. Um, how about
‘Duan Yu of DaLi died at this place’. Could be quite fun.”

So he pulled off all the vines off the rock. Then he took off his robe,
dipped it in water in the lake, and wetted the rock. Then he used some
grass to brush the rock a bit. By now the rock really does look like a
piece of jade.

He found a rather sharp rock on the ground and started to carve on the
rock. But this rock turned out to be unusually hard. After much work, he
barely carved out “Duan”, but the word was carved shallow and tilted,
without the slightest trace of writing technique and skill. Duan Yu
threw down the sharp rock and thought to himself: “If someone sees this
later, they would think that this ‘Duan Yu’ doesn’t even know how to
write his own name. If I carve these 8 words, what kind of stinking
legacy is that to leave behind?” Besides, he wrist was very sore.

After it got dark again, he ate some more of the sour fruits and fell
asleep. He dreamt that a pair of flowery shoes was flying around in
front of his eyes. The shoes were green with yellow flowers, Zhong
Ling’s pair. He immediately tried to grab them, but the shoes kept on
flying around like a pair of butterflies, he can never seem to catch
them. After a while, the shoes flew higher and higher. Duan Yu anxiously
shouted: “Shoes! Please don’t fly off!” This shock woke him up. Finding
out that it was all a dream, he rubbed his eyes, felt his shirt to make
sure that the pair of shoes are still where they should be, and stood
up. He looked up at the full moon, the silvery light shined down onto
the lake making it look like a layer of silver. His eyes followed along
the surface of the lake. Suddenly his whole body shook, for on the jade
cliff opposite of him was an image of a person!

Needless to say, he was surprised beyond belief. Immediately he took a
deep breath and shouted: “Angel! Save me! Angel, save me!” The image
shook a bit, but did not reply. Duan Yu has by now calmed down a little
and looked at the image more carefully. The image is very faint and hard
to see clearly, but the person is wearing a robe and a scarf, obviously
a man. He ran forward several steps to the lake’s shore and shouted:
“Angel! Save me!” The image shook somewhat and got bigger. When Duan Yu
stopped, the image stopped moving as well.

After the initial puzzlement, he immediately understood: “It’s my own
reflection.” He jumped to the left, the image on the cliff jumped to the
left as well. He took a step right and so did the image. By now there is
no doubt in his mind that it is his own image, but he is still puzzled:
“The moon is on the southwest, how does it manage to shine my image on
to the cliff?”

He turned around, only to see that on the rock which he had carved
“Duan” earlier in the day there was also an image of him. Only this
image is alot smaller, but much more pronounced. He immediately
understood the whole situation: “So the moon shines my reflection onto
this little rock, which in turn reflects my image onto the big cliff. It
is as if I was standing between 2 mirrors, the big mirror would reflect
my image in the small mirror as well.”

Now that he has thought about this, he can’t help but think there is
nothing special about this “Mystery of the Angel Images” that has
puzzled “No Measure Sword” for decades: “There really were someone
standing here practicing swords and their image got reflected onto the
cliff. There used to be a man and a woman, but later on something
happened to the guy, either he left or died, and only the woman was left
here. She lived here all alone and after about 2 years she died of
loneliness.” Thinking about a beautiful woman losing her love, living in
this canyon all alone, and finally dying in sadness, he couldn’t help
but be a little depressed.

Figuring all of this out, his excitement earlier has now subsided. With
nothing else to do, he started to wave his arm and legs wildly,
pretending to be practicing kungfu: “Hopefully Zuo ZiMu and ShuangQing
just so happens to be at the top of the cliff. When they see that
‘Angel’ suddenly appeared on the cliff again, they would think that the
angel is trying to teach them kungfu. Then they will try hard to learn
this ‘kungfu’ that I’m showing them so they can pass it on to posterity.
Hahaha!” The more he thought about it the funnier he felt, so he started
laughing heartily.

Suddenly a thought popped in his head and he stopped laughing: “These 2
people only practice swords in his canyon once in a while. If they don’t
live here, then there must be a path in and out of here. Else no matter
how good their kungfu is, it is still way too much trouble to climb the
cliff twice everytime they want to practice swords. Maybe once in a long
while, certainly not ‘often’.” A ray of hope appeared to him: “I’ll go
and carefully look for a way out. Didn’t Gan GuangHao say: ‘Good things
come to those with aspirations’? Hehe, he aspires to marry his Sister
Ge, then I will aspire to get out of here.”

So he sat down with his arm around his knees. Looking at the moon
reflected in the lake, surrounded by all this quiety serenity, he
started thinking: “‘Good things come to those with aspirations’. That
saying is true. But Confucious also said: ‘Those who like are better off
than those who know, those who are happy are better off than those who
like.’ That saying fits my style much better. Mom and dad sometimes call
me ‘obsessive’ because I always get obsessed about stuff when I was
little. Like when I was 7, I stared at that ’18 Scholar’ Camelia plant
from dawn to dusk, even sneaking up in the middle of the night to stare
at it. All I did was think about it, even while eating and learning.
When the flower wilts, I cried for several days straight. Later, when I
started to learn Go, it was the same, constantly forgetting about eat
and sleep. All day everyday, all I did was think about how to play the
game. This time dad told me to learn kungfu, just so happens I am
interested in the ‘Book of Changes’. Even when I’m eating, I would
wonder whether the chopsticks I’m using are ‘Big Haves’ or ‘Colleague’.
I don’t want to learn kungfu, was it really because I don’t want to
learn how to beat and kill people? Or could it possibly because I don’t
want to put down ‘Book of Changes’? Dad said I was ‘unreasonable’, maybe
I really was being very unreasonable. Mom knows how I am the best, so
she said to dad: ‘One day when this kid gets interested in kungfu, you
can’t even force him to stop for a minute to eat. You can lead a horse
to water but you can’t make him drink. If he doesn’t want to learn there
is nothing you can do to make him.’ Ah! It is almost impossible to make
me aspire to do something. Hopefully one day I’ll become obsessed with
kungfu, that would make my mom, dad, and uncle all very happy. I just
won’t beat or kill anyone once I learn it, that’s all. It’s not like you
have to kill to learn kungfu. My uncle’s kungfu is so powerful, but he
is so benevolent and merciful that I don’t think he killed a single
person in his life. Even if he wants to kill someone, it’s not like he
has to do it himself.”

Sitting there by the lake, deep in thought, he lost all track of time.
Suddenly, he noticed faint rainbow colors reflecting off of the smooth
rock by his side. Looking at it closer, he saw an image of a sword
underneath the “Duan” he carved on the rock. The image of the sword was
unusually clear for a reflection, he can clearly make out the handle,
hand guard, and sword point. The sword is pointing downwards, the
reflection also emits a rainbowlike aura, moving and flashing around.

He wondered: “Why is there extra colors in the reflection?” He looked up
to look for the moon but can’t see it. Turns out that the moon has
dipped below the clff on the westside. That cliff face has a hole in it,
the moonlight is shining through the hole. Inside the cave itself there
were some colorful likes emitting out. Suddenly, he understood: “I get
it! There’s a sword hanging inside of the cave, on the sword there are
many precious stones and gems. The moonlight shines on the sword and the
gems making the jade reflect their image. No wonder it is so amazingly
spectacular and colorful.”

He thought some more: “One has to hollow out the sword body to inlay it
with gems, only then can the moonlight shine through the gems and create
such an image. If the sword is not hollowed out, then the moonlight
can’t shine through the gems. Obviously, creating this sword took alot
of work.” The hole that the sword is in is about 20 meters above the
ground, no way for him to go and get a closer look. Looking at it from
the bottom, only the varied colored lights from the gems can be seen.
But the reflection on the stone looked like a scene from a beautiful
dream, as if something stolen from the gods.

Soon, the moon moved. The colors got lighter and lighter until it
disappeared completely and the rock turned back to a gray color. Duan Yu
thought: “That sword was probably placed there by that pair or masters.
Such a steep and deep cliff, nobody in No Measure Sword would even dare
to climb down to inspect the place. But if you stand on the top of the
cliff, there is no way that you can see this hole and the sword. Even if
No Measure Sword stood up there and stared at the cliff for another
hundred years, they probably still won’t know about this. Yet, even if
you can get the sword, what’s the big deal about that?” Aftre thinking
about it a bit more, he fell asleep.

In the middle of a dream, he suddenly jumped up: “To place a sword at
that place, how much effort and work would it take? Even if you are a
kungfu master, it would still be alot of trouble. To go through so much
work, there must be something behind it. Maybe there are some secrets in
that hole on the cliff, maybe some secret kungfu manual is hidden
there.” Once his thoughts went on to kungfu, some excitement went out of
his sails: “Those kind of kungfu manuals, No Measure Sword treats them
like treasures, but if you put them in front of me, I wouldn’t even open
them up to read.”

The next day, he slowly walked around the lake and enjoyed the view.
This is his 3rd day inside this canyon. He figured in 4 more days the
“Intestine Fragmenter” would take effect, by then there really is no
point in looking for a way out anymore.

He woke up at midnight that night and waited for the moon to dip west.
After 3 or 4 hours, the moonlight start coming through the hole in the
cliff, once again displaying all the beautiful colors upon the little
smooth rock. The image of the sword on the rock is tilted toward the
north, pointing at another big rock. Duan Yu’s mind lit up: “Maybe
there’s something about this rock.” He walked over to the rock and
pushed. The moss on the rock felt wet and soft, yet that rock seemed to
have moved a little when he pushed. He pushed even harder, now it is
obvious that the rock is rocking. This rock is chest high and weigh at
least a ton if not 2. Logically he can never be able to move it. He felt
around the bottom of the rock. Turns out this giant rock was sitting on
top of a small piece of rock, but unsure whether this situation man-made
or natural. His heart skipped a beat: “Something fishy is going on
here!”

He placed his hands on the right side of the rock and pushed. The rock
swayed out of place but then returned to its original position. There
were some sounds of vines snapping coming out from underneath the rock
as if the 2 rocks were tied together by some vines. By now there was not
enough moonlight to see clearly, so he thought: “Wait until day comes,
then I’ll come and figure it all out.”

So he laid down beside the rock and took a little nap and when he woke
up, the sun had come out. He stood up and inspected around the rock.
Then he laid down and got rid of all the vines and tiny stones between
the 2 rocks. Once again he pushed, this time the big rock slowly rotated
like a door. After a quarter turn, a meter high cave appeared behind it.

In his excitement, he did not even check whether or not there are
dangers inside the cave before lowering his head and entering. After
more than 10 steps, there is no longer any light in the cave. He held
both of his hands out and felt around before every step. But the ground
felt flat and smooth, as if he was walking on a stone path. It was as if
the path was designed and made by human, he could not help but get even
more excited about this. Only thing is that the path continued to head
downwards, obviously he was going lower and lower. Suddenly, his hands
came in contact with some cold, ring-like object. As soon as he touched
it, the object let out a loud and clear “Dang!” He touched it once more,
turned out the object was a door ring.

Where there’s a door ring, there must be a door. His hands felt around,
finding several door nails. In surprise and excitement he thought: “If
there is someone living behind this door, wouldn’t that be weird?” He
found the door ring again and knocked 3 times. After waiting for a
while, nobody came. He knocked the door ring 3 times more, still nobody.
So he pushed the door. The door seemed to be made of iron and copper,
heavy as can be, but it wasn’t locked. So when he pushed, it slowly
opened. He spoke up: “I am Duan Yu, please forgive me for showing up and
barging in uninvited.” No sound came from inside, so he stepped in.

No matter how hard he stared, he still could not see anything. The smell
of mildew surrounded him, seemed like nobody has been living here for a
very long time. He continued to walk forward. “Bang”! His head suddenly
bumped into something. Luckily he was walking very slowly, so it didn’t
hurt much. He felt around with his hand, turns out it was another door.
He slowly pushed this door open and some light hit his eyes.

He shut his eyes as his heart raced like crazy. Only after a bit did he
slowly open his eyes and saw a round shaped room. The light was coming
from the left, but it was too dim and hazy to be sunlight.

He walked toward the window that was the source of light. Suddenly a
shrimp swam by outside of the window. Surprised and curious, he took
several more steps towards it and saw a colorful carp casually swim by
the window as well. He looked at the window closely and saw it actually
is a huge piece of crystal that was imbedded into the wall. The crystal
is about size of a tray and the light was coming through it.

He put his head up against the crystal and looked out. Fishes and
shrimps swam about without any bounds being seen. He suddenly figured
out where he was, actually below the lake now. It must have taken a lot
of effort and work to build this room so that the light from outside
would come in, not to mention this tray-size crystal. After calming down
some, he immediately started to worry: “Crap! I’m below the bottom of
the lake now! I couldn’t see a thing the entire way down, don’t know how
many twists and turns I took to end up here. How am I suppose to get out
now?”

Turning around, he noticed that there is a stone table in the middle of
the room with a stool by it. On top of the table was a copper mirror,
beside the mirror were some combs and earring type of things. It looked
as if this was a beautiful woman’s living place. The mirror is green
with rust and the table is covered in inches of dust. Don’t know how
long it has been since someone been here.

Seeing this scene, he became lost in his thoughts: “A girl must have
lived here many years ago. Don’t know what happened to her to make her
want to leave the world like this. Hmm, most likely she’s the girl whose
image was reflected onto the cliff.” Snapping out of his trance, he
looked around some more. There were mirrors all over the room and
embedded into the wall as well. He did a little count, there were more
than 30 mirrors in total. He thought some more: “The girl probably was
an unrivaled beauty. Her partner died, so she just lived here all by
herself. Only thing to do was to sit and look at herself all day
everyday. Such a story, how can one not be sad?”

Walking around in the room, once in a while he would click his tongue,
then other times he would let out a long sigh, only thinking about the
former master of this room. After a long while, he suddenly had a
thought: “Ay! I’m so busy thinking about the sadness of the former owner
that I forgot about my problems.” He started to talk to himself: “I,
Duan Yu, am a stinking male. If I die in this place, then I could very
well offend the beautiful lady. It is best to die outside by the lake.
Else if others come here in the future and find my body here and mistake
it for the lady’s body, then isn’t that… isn’t that….” Before he thought
about what that really is or isn’t, he suddenly noticed that a mirror on
the east wall was reflecting the light onto what seemed like a crack on
the southwest wall. He immediate ran over and pushed hard on that piece
of rock. As expected, it really was a door. As it slowly opened, it
revealed an entrance. Looking into the entrance, he saw another flight
of stone stairs.

In excitement, he let out a yell and danced around for a while before
moving on. After walking another 10 or so steps downward, he faintly saw
another door in front of him. He pushed the door open. Light hit his
eyes as he let out a scream: “Ai-Yo!”

In front of him was a beautiful girl dressed in formal clothing holding
a sword in her hand. The point of the sword pointed right at his chest.

After a long time, the girl did not move at all. He looked at the girl
closely, noticing that even though her expression looked real, she does
not seem to be alive. Summoning his courage he looked her over closely
again. Only now did he see that she is a statue made from white jade.
This statue is the same size as an actual human. The light yellow
colored silk shirt she has on were lightly moving in the wind. The most
interesting feature were her pupils, they are alive with spirit and
expression. All Duan Yu could say was: “So sorry, so sorry. It is so
rude to stare at miss like I am.” He knew it was rude, but he still
could not take his eyes off of her eyes. After staring for who knows how
long, he finally figured out that the eyes were made from some kind of
black gem. But the more he stared the deeper her pupils seemed to
become. The fact that the statue looks so very human-like was mainly
because of the spirit and delicacy of its eyes.

The white jade on the statue’s face has a faint sign of redness, making
it even more human like. Duan Yu stepped aside to look at the statue,
but noticed that her eyes followed him as if she was alive. In shock, he
leaned his head to the right, the eyes of the statue still followed him.
No matter where he stands, the statue’s eyes are always looking at him.
The expression in her eyes were even harder to figure out, seemingly
love and happiness but not really, seemingly sincerely in love, yet also
seemed silently depressed.

He was spellbound for a long time. With a deep bow, he said: “Dear
Goddess, Duan Yu was fortunate enough to see your beauty today, I can
die without no regrets now. Goddess, you have separated yourself from
the world to live here by yourself, hope it wasn’t too lonely.” The
colors from the statue’s eyes changed, as if she heard what he said and
was truly touched.

By now Duan Yu was completely spellbound. It’s almost as if he was
possessed, as if he can’t ever take his eyes off the statue again. He
muttered: “Don’t know how I should address dear Goddess.” He thought: “I
should look around to see if she left her name around here.”

Looking around, he saw a lot of writings on the wall to the east but he
didn’t really pay attention to them and immediately went back to staring
at the statue. This time he noticed that the hair on the statue is
actually real human hair, curled up in a bun. The hair around her
temples were like a fog. By her temple was a jade hairpin. On the
hairpin was 2 pinky sized crystals, shiny and colorful. The walls of the
room were full of gems and crystals as well. On the wall on the west
side, 6 large crystals were embedded into the walls. Beyond the crystals
was the faint glow of water, making this room several times brighter
than the previous room.

He stared blankly at the statue for a long time again before turning
away. He noticed that the east wall has been smoothed out and several
lines of words has been carved onto it. The lines were all taken from
ZhuangZi (Toaist philosopher, contemporary of Mencius, a favorite of
Oscar Wilde), mostly from the books of “Carefree Travels”, “Principles
of Nuturing”, “Autumn Waters”, and “Epitome of Happiness”. The
calligraphy was elegant and refined. The words seemed to be carved with
a really sharp tool for every stroke is about half-an-inch deep. At the
end was another line: “Dedicated to Dear QiuShui (Autumn Waters) from
Carefree Man. No sun and moon in this cave, truly the Epitome of
Happiness in the mortal world.”

Duan Yu stared at these words for a while, thinking: “This ‘Carefree
Man’ and ‘Dear QiuShui’ are probably the 2 masters that were practicing
swords decades ago. And this statue is probably that ‘Dear QiuShui’ as
well. Carefree Man was able to live with her here in this serene cave,
that really is the epitome of happiness in the mortal world. Actually,
who says it’s merely epitome of happiness in the mortal world, does
heaven have such joys?”

His eyes moved onto the other lines on the wall: “Small and
insignificant mountain, immortals dwell within, skin like ice and snow,
graceful virgin, no need for foods, and shows joy in breeze.” He turned
to the statue and thought: .”Using these words by ZhuangZi to describe
Dear Goddess could not be anymore appropriate.” He walked to in front of
the statue and stared. Seeing her ice-like skin, he did not dare to even
lift a finger and touch her. It was as if his heart was possessed. He
even faintly smelled some musk like incense fragrance. From love was
born respect, from respect came obsession. {ZhuangZi needs to learn to
write coherently, that’s what I say. Hopefully my translation was not
just out there.}

After who knows how long, he suddenly blurted out: “Dear Goddess, if you
are willing to say even one word to me. Then I would happily and without
regret die 1000, no, 10000 times.” Suddenly he kneeled.

When he kneeled, he noticed that there were 2 mats in front of the
statue, seemingly placed for people to kowtow to the statue. His knees
were resting on the bigger mat while there is a much smaller one just in
front of the statue, seeming made for people to kowtow. So he did.
Suddenly he noticed that there seemed to be words sewn onto the inside
portion of the statue’s shoes. He looked harder and recognized that on
the right shoe was sewn: “Kowtow one thousand times, then obey my
orders”, and the left shoes read: “Whoso follows my instructions, will
never have regrets”.

These 16 words were literally smaller than the head of a fly. The shoes
were green like the lake, and the 16 words were sewn using a thin green
line, only slightly darker than the shoes. Add in the hazy and confusing
lighting of the room, there is no way these words can be seen without
first kowtowing followed by a careful look. Duan Yu felt that kowtowing
1000 times was actually very natural of a thing, adding on top that he
would be get a chance to obey the statue, he really couldn’t ask for
anything more. As for following her instructions, he wouldn’t mind
jumping in boiling oil or burning seas, of course he would not regret
it. So without a bit of hesitation, with his mind not all there, he
started to really honestly kowtowing to the statue. All the while he
counted out loud: “5, 10, 15, 20….”

When he got to 500, his waist was sore, his bones hurt, and his forehead
felt numb. But he told himself that he would not stop until he gets to
1000 no matter what. Can’t even accomplish the first instructions he got
from Dear Goddess, then how does he get off saying “will never have
regret”? By the time he got to 800, the smaller mat had been worn
through, exposing something underneath. He didn’t bother and still went
on kowtowing one after another. When he finished, he stood up. Suddenly
he felt his waist give out and fell flat on his back.

He just lied there, resting. Even though he is worn and sore all over,
he still felt great in his heart for he has done something that the
statue asked of him. Only after a long while did he finally, and slowly,
got up. He touched where the smaller mat was worn through. It felt
smooth and soft to the touch, turned out there was a silk bundle
underneath. He thought: “So Dear Goddess had this planned out a long
time ago. If I didn’t kowtow 1000 times, the mat wouldn’t have been worn
through, and the treasure that she has rewarded to me wouldn’t have
appeared.” He never cared for jade, crystals, or pearls, but since this
silk bundle was given to him by Dear Goddess, he would treasure it like
no other even if its only a pile of dried up leaves. He grabbed it with
his right hand, but immediately put his left hand on it as well, and
held it up to his chest.

The silk bundle was about a foot long and on it were written these
words: “You have already kowtow 1000 times, meaning that you have
admitted as my subject and will listen to my command without regrets.
This volume is the essence of our Carefree Sect’s kungfu (Xiao Yao Pai).
From this day forth, you shall, from 5am to 7am, 11pm to 1am, and 5pm to
7pm, follow and practice the instructions within. Then you can
rightfully read the collection and all the kungfus of every sect in the
world will be yours to use. Learn what you can and want, afterwards
leave and kill all of the disciples and descendants of the Carefree
Sect. If one fall through the holes, even the heavens will curse you.”
{Written in very fancy book Chinese, I tried to get the gist of it
without breaking out with Shakespearian imitations}

His hands that were holding up the bundle could not shaking violently as
the thought ran across his mind: “What does she mean? I don’t want to
learn kungfu, as for killing all of the disciples of Carefree Sect, I
have even less urge to do that. But how can I not obey Dear Goddess’s
instructions? I have already kowtowed to her 1000 times, which means I
am now a willing subject of hers. But she wants me to learn kungfu and
kill, what should I do?” {As the Chinese would describe Duan Yu: Idiot
Scholar!}

His mind was a mess as he thought to himself: “She tells me to learn the
kungfu of the Carefree Sect and kill all the disciples of the Carefree
Sect, how strange. Hm, probably her martial brothers and sisters did
something horrible to her, so she wants revenge. Yet she was not able to
before her death, so she wants to have a disciple to finish this wish of
hers. Those people did bad things to Dear Goddess, then without a doubt
they are the most evil and sinister people in the world. When Confucius
said: ‘Revenge with righteousness’, he was talking about this kind of
stuff. Dad also said that even if I don’t want to kill bad people, when
they meet me they would want to kill me, so if I don’t know any kungfu,
then all I can do is wait to be killed. There is a lot of sense in what
he said.” When his father was forcing him to learn kungfu, he whipped
out all kinds of philosophies and arguments of Confucius and Buddhism to
say that it’s not right to learn kungfu. His father’s knowledge in this
subject is not on par with him, so he could not argue with him. Yet at
this moment, he is obsessed with the statue, so he naturally feels that
there are some sense in what his father said.

He thought some more: “Dear Goddess has been gone for several decades
now, don’t know if there still is a Carefree Sect in this world. As the
saying goes: ‘Evil only begets evil’. Maybe every single one of them
have already got what’s coming to them and there is no need for me to
kill them anymore. If there are no more disciples of Carefree Sect, then
Dear Goddess’s wish has come to fruition and she need not be full of
hate up in heaven where she resides.”

Once he thought of this, his heart relaxed and he stopped worrying. He
silently prayed: “Dear Goddess, whatever instructions you leave behind,
Duan Yu will obey without a question. But hopefully your powers knows no
bounds and the disciples of Carefree Sect have already met their ends.”
Nervously, he opened up the bundle. Inside was one single roll of silk
scroll.

He unrolled the scroll. The first line read: “Divine Skill of the
Northern Darkness” (Bei Ming Shen Gong). The handwriting was beautiful
and elegant yet powerful, same as the words written on the outside of
the silk bundle. After it was written:

“ZhuangZi’s ‘Carefree Travels’ read: ‘Beyond the northern boundaries is
the sea of darkness, a sea of heaven. There are fishes within thousands
of kilometers long, but no one known really how long.’ Also read: ‘If
the accumulated water is not enough, then it is no matter that the
boat’s big. If the water from the overturned cup is more than that can
be held by the depression, then even cabbage leaves can be a boat; set
the cup inside and become as one, then if the water is little then the
boat is big.’ In our sect’s kungfu, accumulating inner force is most
important. Once inner force is strong, then all of the kungfus of all
the sects are ours to use. Just like the northern darkness, able to hold
all boats no matter the size, able to contain all fishes big or small.
For this reason, inner force is most basic and first, while moves are
last. Using the diagrams below and diligently learn inner force training
and meditation.”

{Note: the phrase that said “fishes within” in Chinese is “YuYan”, Wang
YuYan’s name is a play off of this line. ZhuangZi’s phrases need to make
some sense, I tried to go for the literal meaning because they are
supposed to be very meaningful quotes with many levels. It would be
better if he had not used rare words and weird ways to say the simplest
of concepts.}

Duan Yu praised: “Dear Goddess could not have made it any clearer with
this passage!” He thought some more: “Since this ‘Divine Skill of the
Northern Darkness’ is inner force kungfu, learning it should be no harm
to anyone.” So he unrolled some more of the scroll with his left hand.
“Ah!” He suddenly screamed as his hearted raced a mile a minute. In an
instant he blushed to the roots of his ears and his whole body felt like
it was burning up.

For on the scroll there was a drawing of a naked female, not a single
strand of clothing on her body, face exactly like that of the statue’s.
Duan Yu felt as if one glance would be disrespect and obscene towards
Dear Goddess, so he immediately rolled up the scroll. Only after a long
while did he think: “Dear Goddess instructed: ‘Using the diagrams below
and diligently learn.’ I’m only following her instructions, can’t be
counted as disrespect.”

His hands still shaking, he unrolled the scroll again. The face of the
female was smiling beautifully and sweetly. The ends of her eyebrows,
the corner of her eyes, and her rosy cheeks all exuded a seductive
charm. When compared to that serious expression of the jade statue,
although their looks are the same, the feeling they give off are
completely different. He could almost hear his heart beating heavily as
his eyes moved onto the woman’s body and saw a thin green line. The line
started on her left shoulders, moved horizontally until below her chin,
then slanted downwards to her right breast. When he saw a slight sign of
mound of her breast, his heart skipped at least 5 beats and he
immediately shut his eyes. After a long wait, he slowly opened his eyes
and looked down again. The green line passed underneath the armpits,
followed her right arm, passing her wrist and finally came to a stop on
her right thumb. The more he followed the line the more relaxed he
became, figuring looking at Dear Goddess’s arm and fingers is nothing
bad. But even when just looking at her beautiful and shapely arm and
legs, his heart could not help but start picking up again.

There was another green line that started at the base of the neck and
went downwards, past the chest and stomach all the way until a few
inches above the navel. Duan Yu dared not to look at that line very
closely and turned his attention back to the green line on the arm. This
time he noticed a lot of small words by the line, starting from “Cloudy
Gate” all the way to “Less Merchant”. He often listens in on his parents
talking about kungfu, although he never really paid much attention to
it, he has heard them talk about it too often. So he recognizes these
small words as names of pressure points on the body.

He unrolled the scroll a bit further and read: “Divine Skill of the
Northern Darkness is about using other’s inner strength as my own. The
sea of the Northern Darkness did not create itself. It said: ‘All the
rivers empties into the ocean, the ocean is because it can contain the
rivers.’ The vast open seas was accumulated. So ‘Scripture of the Lunar
Hand and Lungs’ is the first lesson of the Divine Skill of the Northern
Darkness” followed by detailed instructions as to how to practice this
kungfu.

It concludes the section with: “When others practice inner strength, the
path that they take is from Cloudy Gate to Less Merchant. But our
Carefree Sect’s kungfu is from Less Merchant to Cloudy Gate, if thumb
comes in contact with others, then their inner force will gush into my
body and be stored at Cloudy Gate as well as other pressure points. But
if the opponent’s inner force is stronger than mine, then the water of
the sea will empty into the rivers and will lead to life threatening
dangers, you have been forewarned. The other skills of our sect, has not
been developed fully and are only able to weaken the opponent’s inner
force but cannot make it available for own use. It is as if stealing a
fortune yet misplacing it, such a waste of something so precious.”

Duan Yu let out a long sigh as some part of him felt that there is
something not quite right with this skill. Using other’s inner strength
for your own use, isn’t that just like stealing something precious from
others? But then he also thought: “Dear Goddess could not have picked a
better metaphor. Rivers empty into the sea because it is the rivers
themselves doing the emptying, not because the sea is stealing the
river’s waters. My thinking Dear Goddess stealing from others, how
disrespectful is that? Punishment is called for. Definitely called for!”

So he lifted his hand up and slapped himself once on both cheeks. The
first slap on his left cheek was rather hard and very painful, so
naturally he took off a lot of force on the second slap on his right
cheek. He thought to himself: “Bad, evil people came to make trouble to
Dear Goddess, so Dear Goddess took their inner strength for herself.
That’s only taking away bad, evil people’s ability to do bad, evil
things. Like grabbing the butcher knife away from the butcher, not
killing him. How could a person such as Dear Goddess ever do a single
bad thing?”

So he unrolled some more of the scroll. There were many many more
drawings of naked females on the scroll, some standing and some sitting,
some showing her frontside while others show her back. Although the face
remained the same, her expressions changed as well, sometimes happy and
sometimes worried, sometimes full of loving tenderness while other times
filled with jealous disdain; not a single expression was the same as
another one. There were a total of 36 drawings in total, every one of
them have several colorful lines with pressure points clearly labeled
and training instructions.

At the very end of the scroll were the words: “Minute Ice Ripple Step”
(Lin Buo Wei Bu), following it were countless number of foot prints,
each labeled with position names from the Book of Changes. Only a few
days ago, Duan Yu was still diligently reading and studying the Book of
Changes for all his worth. So upon seeing these names, his spirit and
interest immediately picked up, as if he was meeting an old friend. The
footprints on the scroll were densely packed and numerous, not quite
sure if there are thousands of them or just hundreds. There were green
lines connecting every step with another, and on the lines were arrows
as well. Obviously a very complicated foot skill. At the end were
written: “If suddenly meeting a strong foe, this can be used for
protection as well as accumulating inner strength. Then take the foe’s
life.”

Duan Yu thought: “Dear Goddess left this step skill, so it will no doubt
be perfect and refined. If I can use it to run away when I run into a
strong foe, that would be great. Then there would be no need to ‘take
the foe’s life’.”

He rolled up the scroll, clasped his hands and bowed towards it. Only
then did he carefully put it in his shirt. Turning to the statue, he
said: “Dear Goddess, you have instructed me to train 3 times a day, Duan
Yu dare not disobey. From this day forth I’ll be sure to be extra polite
and courteous to everyone I meet, then others won’t come at me. Of
course, then I wouldn’t need to steal their inner strength. As for this
‘Minute Ice Ripple Step’, I will definitely work extra hard on it. If
things do not seem right, I’m out of there, then there would be no need
to steal inner strength.” As for that section about “kill all disciples
of the Carefree Sect”, he dared not to even think about that.

Seeing that there is a door on the left, he slowly walked through it.
Inside was another stone room with a stone bed. By the bed was a small
wooden cradle. He stared blankly at the cradle: “Could it be possible
that Dear Goddess had a baby? No way, no way! Such a beautiful girl, how
could she have a baby?” Just the very thought that this “graceful as a
virgin” Dear Goddess of his actually might have a baby put him on the
verge of tears because of the disappointment. But his thoughts
immediately turned: “Ah! That’s right! This is the cradle that Dear
Goddess used when she was a baby, her mom and dad made it for her. That
Carefree Man and Dear QiuShui were probably her parents. Yes, that must
be it.” Not willing to think about this anymore and find holes in his
assumption, he immediately cheered up.

There were no quilts, pillows, or clothing in the room. There is only a
7 stringed zither hanging on a wall in this room. The strings are all
broken. Left of the bed was a stone table, on which were carved a 19 x
19 square of the Go board. On the board there are about 200 or so
stones. Both sides were well placed for the match, obviously this game
has not ended. Zither is here, game is not over, yet the beauty is gone.
Duan Yu silently stood there in the room. Before he knew it, 2 streaks
of tear ran down his cheeks.

Suddenly his heart turned cold: “Ai-Yo! If there is a match, then there
must have been 2 people playing. Then Dear Goddess would most likely be
that “Dear QiuShui” and she would be playing against her husband
Carefree Man here. Ay! This is… This is…. Ah! I got it, this game was
not played by 2 people. Dear Goddess was here all by herself and play
against herself out of boredom and loneliness. Dear Goddess, why didn’t
you call out several times then? Duan Yu would have heard your voice and
naturally jumped down here to play the game with you.” He walked closer
and looked the game over carefully. The more he looked the more
surprised he became.

The changes and turns in this game was incredible and complex, almost as
if it is what a Go player would call a puzzle, traps within traps, and
can lead to many different outcomes. Duan Yu has been working hard on
the game of Go for years. Back when he was obsessed, he spent entire
days playing against a Mr. Huo from accounting. He was born smart and in
merely a year’s time, he had turned a 4 stone handicap on himself to a 3
stone handicap on Mr. Huo. His skills are among the best in all of DaLi.
Yet he cannot figure out how this match would turn out, it seems like
the black side has the game in hand, but there is still some chance for
the whites to come back. He stared for a long time as the board got
blurrier and blurrier. Seeing there is 2 candle-holders on the table,
each with half a candle remaining in it, he grabbed the fire knife and
fire stone of the tray on the candle shelf and lit the candles so he
could look at the match some more. He looked and thought about the match
so much that he began to feel dizzy and nauseous.

He stood up and yawned. Astounded, he thought: “This match is really
something. Even if I take 7 or 8 more days I still may not be able to
figure it out. By then my life would be gone and Miss Zhong would have
long been buried alive by the Divine Farmer Clan.” Knowing that if he
look at the table again, who knows how long it would be before he can
move on again. So he turned around and reached behind him to take ahold
of a candle-holder so as to make sure that he does not lay another
glance on the board. Suddenly excitement shot through his heart: “That’s
right! Such a complicated game, must be a puzzle laid down by Dear
Goddess herself and cannot be done by 2 people playing. Wonderful!”

He lifted his head up and saw that there is another cave entrance at the
end of the stone bed. By the entrance were written: “Blessed Reading
Ground”. Remembering what Dear Goddess wrote on the outside of the silk
bundle, he thought: “So ‘Blessed Reading Ground’ is here. Dear Goddess
told me that the collection of every kungfu of every sect would belong
to me. I don’t want to learn kungfu, so it’s no big deal if I don’t look
through this collection but it’s an order from Dear Goddess, I can’t
disobey.” So he walked through the door with the candle.

Once he had the chance to look around, he immediately let out a long
sigh and felt a lot better. Turns out that this “Blessed Reading Ground”
is a huge room, several times bigger than the room outside. Inside the
room was filled with rows and rows of book shelves, but there was not a
single book on the shelves. He held up the candle and walked closer.
Labels dotted the shelves, all of them saying things such as: “KunLun”,
“ShaoLin”, “QingCheng of SiChuan”, “PengLai of ShanDong”, etc. There is
even a “Duan’s of DaLi” label. But under “ShaoLin” there was a note:
“Missing Sutra of Changing Nerves”, under “Beggar Clan” was a note:
“Missing 18 Dragon Subduing Palms”, and the “Duan’s of DaLi” was noted
with: “Regrettably Missing 1 Yang Zhi, 6 Veined Divine Sword”.

A long time ago these shelves were undoubtedly filled with diagrams and
instructions on all of the kungfus of every sect but someone has moved
the books away a long time ago. A burden that Duan Yu has been carrying
in his heart lifted as he could not be any happier: “Now that the books
aren’t here anymore, I can’t learn any of them. This doesn’t count as
disobeying Dear Goddess.” But then he felt ashamed: “Duan Yu my good
man, you are happy because you can’t follow the instructions left by
Dear Goddess, that is not being loyal to her. Not seeing the kungfu
books, you should be sad, frustrated, and mad, not happy. Dear Goddess
in heaven, please forgive me.”

{Is there any doubt now that Carefree Sect is the most powerful sect and
that Duan Yu, Xu Zhu, Li QiuShui, Tian Shan Tong Lao are about the most
powerful characters in all of JY canon? The sweeper monk in ShaoLin is
up there, but he seemed to be a freak of nature and had some prior
knowledge and skill before joining ShaoLin, after all, he had only been
sweeping for some 40 years while he looked to be much older. Also any
idea where the books are moved to? It never said in the book but I am
pretty certain I know where the collection is.}

Seeing no other ways out of this “Blessed Reading Ground”, he returned
back to the room of the jade statue. He just barely looked at the eyes
of the jade statue and became spellbound once again. He stared blankly
for a long time before finally clasping his hands and bowing deeply,
almost to the ground. He said: “Dear Goddess, I have important matters
that I must attend to, so I have to temporarily leave. After I have
saved Miss Zhong, then I will come back to be with you again.”

With great effort and struggle, he walked out of the room with a candle
in hand looking for another exit. There was another flight of steps
heading upwards on the side that he did not notice before because as
soon as he entered the room his attention fell onto the statue. He
quickly walked to the end of the steps. There was a door that was barely
large enough to fit through a head. He stuck his head out and took a
look around. What he saw sent his heart racing out with fear.

What he saw was fearsome rapids as water roared passed him with great
speed and noise, for he had came upon a river. The towering and jagged
cliff stood by the bank of the river. From the looks of it he had
reached the LanCang River. Excited and surprised, he slowly climbed out
of the hole. Looking around him, he saw that he is more than 30 meters
above the rapids. So no matter how high up the water gets, it would
never reach the hole and flood the cave. But to get to the river banks
is no easy task either. So he put his hands and legs to full use as he
awkwardly and pathetically started climbing up. All the while he was
taking care to remember all the details of his surrounding, so as to be
able to return here once he finished saving lives. He thought: “Every
year from now on, I have got to spend several months in this cave to
keep Dear Goddess company.”

The banks of the river is covered by rocks, not even a small path could
be found. He walked like this for about 4 kilometers when he came upon a
wild peach tree. Peaches were all over this tree; he picked them and had
himself a good meal. Once his stomach filled up, his spirit did as well
and he walked another 5 kilometers when he came upon a small trail.
Following this trail until it was almost dusk, he finally came upon an
iron chained bridge. On a rock by the bridge were carved: “Well-Doer’s
Crossing”.

He could not be happier, for “Well-Doer’s Crossing” was one of the
places that he had to pass according to Zhong Ling. He has made it onto
the right path! So he grabbed the iron chains for support as he stepped
onto to a plank of wood. This bridge is comprised of 4 iron chains, the
2 at the bottom have planks of wood laid on top to walk on while the 2
on the side are for support. As soon as he stepped onto the bridge, the
chains started to shake. When he got to the middle, the shaking got even
worse. Glancing down, the river was rushing by like stampeding horses
below his feet. One bad step could lead to falling into the river, then
no matter how good of a swimmer you are, you would not survive. He dared
not to take another look down. Staring straight ahead, he nervously and
shakily began to pray: “Amida Buddha! Amida Buddha!” One step at a time,
he finally made it to the other end.

Only after sitting down and resting by the bridge for a while did he
continue on as Zhong Ling had directed him. After walking quickly for
more than an hour, he came upon a huge and dark forest. He knew he had
arrived at the entrance of “Valley of Ten Thousand Calamities”, Zhong
Ling’s home. Walking up a little closer, he came upon 9 huge pine trees
lined up on the left. He counted to the fourth tree from the right.
Following Zhong Ling’s direction, he went around, behind the pine tree,
pulling away the tall grass, and as expected, an hole appeared before
him. He thought: “This ‘Valley of Ten Thousand Calamity is really well
hidden indeed. Had I not been told by Miss Zhong, who could have figured
out that the entrance is actually inside a pine tree?”

He walked into the hole, while keeping the grass out of the way with his
left hand, his right hand found a big iron ring. With a mighty pull, he
lifted up the block of wood, revealing a series of steps. He walked down
several steps, turned around, used both hands to gently let the wooden
block fall back into place, and continued on down the steps. After 30 or
so steps the path took a turn to the right, and then after several
meters it turned upwards. He thought to himself: “Building stone steps
in a place like this is not easy at all but when compared with the steps
at Dear Goddess’s place, these come up way short.” After about 30 steps
upwards, he reached level ground.

In front of him was a great field of grass, at the other end was another
collection of pine trees. He walked over the field of grass and saw that
one of the pines had a 3 meter long 1 meter wide section pared off and a
layer of white paint was painted on. On it was written: “Those with the
Surname of Duan will die without exception”. Nine of the words were
black, the word “die”, however, was blood red.

Duan Yu thought: “Wonder why the master of this valley hate us Duan’s so
much? Even if a guy with the surname of Duan wronged him, there are
thousands of Duan’s in the world, is he going to kill them all?” At this
time the light is dark, these 10 words looked fearsome and threatening,
especially that red “die”, for it looked as if it was written in blood.
He thought some more: “So this is why Miss Zhong told me not to say that
my surname is Duan. She told me to bang on the 6th word 3 times, meaning
banging on this ‘Duan’ word. She didn’t say ‘Duan’ because she was
afraid that I would get mad. If I have to bang on it I’ll bang on it,
what’s the big deal? She saved my life, not only is it ok to bang on
that ‘Duan’ word 3 times, even if I have to bang Duan Yu’s head 3 times
I would do it.”

Noticing there is nail nailed on the tree with a small iron hammer
hanging from it, he grabbed it and banged on that ‘Duan’ word. “Zheng”!
A loud sound of metal meeting metal came when the hammer fell. Taking
Duan Yu by surprise, he was momentarily startled before realizing that
behind the ‘Duan’ was a iron board and behind that was hollow. Because
the outside was painted white, he didn’t notice it. He banged the hammer
twice more and hung it back up.

After a while, a young girl’s voice came from behind the pine: “Miss,
you are back!” Her voice was full of happiness and excitement.

Duan Yu replied: “I’m here because Miss Zhong asked me to come here to
meet with the master of this valley.” The girl let out a surprised “Yi!”
Then she asked: “You… You are an outsider? Where’s miss?” Duan Yu did
not see her body, but he answered: “Miss Zhong is in danger, I came here
especially to report that.” That girl asked anxiously: “What kind of
danger?” Duan Yu answered: “She is captured and it may be
life-threatening.” That girl replied: “Ai-Yo! You… You… You wait here
for a little bit, I’m going to report to the Madame.” Duan Yu replied:
“That would be great.” He thought to himself: “Miss Zhong told me to see
her mother first anyway.”

After waiting for a while, he heard hurried footsteps come from behind
the tree. The girl from before said: “Madame request your presence.” She
came out from behind the tree. She was about 16 or 17 and is dressed
like a servant. She spoke up again: “Honored guest… sir, please follow
me.” Duan Yu asked: “How do I address you?” The servant girl shook her
head, meaning that she can’t talk anymore. Seeing fear on her face, Duan
Yu dared not say anymore.

The servant girl led him through the woods, followed a small trail
toward the left, and arrived in front of a house. She pushed the door
open, waved her hands at Duan Yu, and stepped to the side to let him in
first. Walking in, Duan Yu noticed that he has entered a small lounge
with a huge candle alit on the table in the middle of the room. Even
though the room is rather small, it was very elegantly decorated. After
he sat down, the servant girl came with a cup: “Sir, please try the tea.
Madame will be out very soon.”

He took 2 sips of the tea when he noticed that there were 4 hanging
scrolls on the east wall. On them were drawings of plum, orchid, bamboo,
and chrysanthemum (Mei Lan Zhu Ju). But they were hung in the order of:
orchid, bamboo, chrysanthemum, and plum. On the west wall was 4 scrolls
of Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter; but their order was wrong as
well: Winter, Summer, Spring, and Autumn. He mused: “Miss Zhong’s
parents are both martial type of people. No surprise there if they don’t
know much about books, paintings, and things such as those.”

Hearing sounds of jewelry clanking, a mistress had walked out from the
back. She was wearing a silk shirt that was of a light green color and
looked about 36 or 37 years old. Seeing that her face was pretty and
delicate with a faint resemblance of Zhong Ling between her eyebrows,
Duan Yu knew that this was Madame Zhong. So he stood up, clasped his
hands, and bowed: “Humble Duan Yu respectfully salutes to Madame.” As
soon as he said it he grimaced: “Ai-Yo! Why did you blurt out your real
name? I was concentrating entirely on how much she looked like Zhong
Ling and completely forgot about making up a fake name.”

Madame Zhong was a bit taken aback, but she bowed in return
nevertheless: “Many fortunes to you!” She followed with: “You… your
surname is Duan?” There was surprise in her expression. Duan Yu figured
that since he had already blurted out his own name, it is too late to
lie about that, so he replied: “Yes, my humble surname is Duan.” Madame
Zhong continued with her questions: “Don’t know where your hometown is
or what your father is known as?”

Duan Yu thought: “Got to tell two big lies here, or else she might guess
who I am.” So he replied: “I am from the city of LinAn in HeNan
province. My father’s given name is ‘Long’.” There were some traces of
suspicion on Madame Zhong’s face: “But you are speaking in the DaLi
dialect.” Duan Yu replied: “I moved to DaLi 3 years ago and learned the
local dialect. I’m afraid it is not very good, please excuse my bad
accents.”

Madame Zhong took a deep breath and replied: “Very convincing dialect,
not the least bit different from the locals. Please sit down.”

The 2 of them sat down. Miss Zhong kept on looking up and down nonstop,
sizing him up. All this attention made Duan Yu very uncomfortable, so he
spoke up: “I ran into some troubles on the way here, causing my clothing
to get torn. Your daughter is in danger, that is why I came here. Only
that the news was very urgent, so I had no chance to switch into
something more clean and appropriate, please forgive my rudeness.”

Madame Zhong seemed to have suddenly been snapped out of a trance by his
words. She anxiously asked: “What’s happened to my daughter?”

Duan Yu took out the pair of shoes from his shirt and said: “Miss Zhong
told me to come here with these as proof and see you.” Madame Zhong took
the shoes over into her hand and replied: “Thank you so much, don’t know
what kind of trouble my daughter has run into?” So Duan Yu told her
everything that has happened from Sword Lake Palace to now, leaving out
only the section regarding Dear Goddess.

Madame Zhong was quiet the entire time, but her face got darker and
darker. When Duan Yu finished, she sighed and said: “As soon as she
leaves the house she runs into trouble.” Duan Yu replied: “All of this
started because of me, Miss Zhong has no fault in this matter.”

Madame Zhong looked at him and then quietly said: “Yes, that’s right.
Not really that surprising really, back then… back then I was the
same….” Duan Yu asked: “What?” Surprised, Madame Zhong’s cheeks suddenly
turned red. Even though she’s almost at middle age, when she gets
bashful and shy she looks just like a young girl. She bashfully replied:
“I… I just remembered something else.” After saying that, her face
turned even redder, so she immediately tried to change the subject: “I…
I think this matter… is a bit… a bit troublesome.”

Seeing how bashful she is, Duan Yu thought: “Of course this matter is
rather troublesome, but you don’t need to blush like this. Compared to
you, your daughter is much more natural about these things.”

Suddenly, a burly male voice came from outside the door: “Everything was
going well, how did JinXi-Er get killed?”

This startled Madame Zhong, she turned and whispered: “My husband is
here, he… he is always suspicious. Mr. Duan, could you go hide for a
bit.” Duan Yu replied: “I still should really meet his acquaintance,
wouldn’t it be better….” Madame Zhong covered his mouth with her left
hand and grabbed his arm with her right. She pulled him to the east
winged room and whispered: “Stay here, don’t make a sound no matter
what. My husband’s temper is short and violent. Just a little bit of
misunderstanding could cost you your life, then even I can’t help you.”

Even though she looked weak and bashful, her kungfu is first rate. This
little push-pull left Duan Yu no chance to refuse as he obediently
followed her into the room. But he was secretly angry with her: “I came
this far to tell you about your daughter, for better or worse I’m still
a guest. Making me hide and sneak around like this, isn’t that making me
out to be a thief?” Madame Zhong smiled at him tenderly. As soon as Duan
Yu saw the smile, all his rage disappeared as he nodded in agreement.
Madame Zhong turned around, walked out, and shut the door on her way
out.

Soon he heard 2 people walk in followed by a man calling out: “Wife!”
Duan Yu peeked out from the crack between the door and the wall. He saw
a man of around 30 dressed in servant clothing, face full of panic and
terror; there was another tall and thin man, he was wearing black and
facing outwards so Duan Yu cannot make out his face. But he could see
his fan-sized hands at his side, the back of the hand was covered with
veins. Duan Yu thought: “Wah! Miss Zhong’s dad has got some big hands!”

Madame Zhong asked: “JinXi-Er died? How?” The servant replied: “Master
send me and JinXi-Er to the north manor to welcome the guests. Master
told us there would be 4 of them. At noon today one of them arrived,
said his surname was Yue. Master instructed to call the one whose name
is Yue as ‘Third Sir’. But the man immediately went into a rage and
shouted: ‘I’m Yue number 2, why are you calling me ‘Third’? Trying to
degrade me?” And with one slap he smacked JinXiEr’s face so hard he fell
over bleeding.” Madame Zhong frowned: “Such flagrant violence! Since
when did good ol’ third Yue turn to second?”

Master Zhong replied: “Yue Number 3 always had a weird and short temper,
not to mention his deranged personality.” As he replied, he turned
around.

Peeking through the crack, Duan Yu was in for a shock. For his face was
stretched out long like a horse. His eyes were unusually high with his
huge, round nose and mouth squeezed closed to one another. So between
his eyes and nose, there was a huge area of nothing. With Zhong Ling
being as pretty and enchanting as she is, who could have guessed that
her father would be this ugly? Duan Yu mused: “Thank goodness she
resembles her mother and not in the least bit like her father.”

Master Zhong’s face was full of worry and concern, but as soon as he
turned around and faced his wife, his face turned happy and tender,
adding a bit of appeal to that horrid face of his. He continued on: “Yue
Number 3’s temperament is exactly what I thought might offend and
frighten you. That’s why I didn’t let him enter this valley. This is a
small matter, no need to fret about it too much.”

This is all very strange to Duan Yu: “Just a bit ago, Madame Zhong was
very frightened when she heard that her husband is coming. But from how
he is treating her, it seemed like he has nothing but love and respect
for her.”

Madame Zhong replied: “Small matter? JinXi-Er has loyally and whole
heartedly served us for all these years and now is killed by that pig of
a friend of yours. My heart can’t take it as well as yours can.” Master
Zhong smiled at her in an attempt to make her feel better: “Yes, yes.
You sympathize with the servants, that’s because of your kind heart.”

Madame Zhong asked that servant: “LaiFu-Er, what happened after that?”

LaiFu-Er answered: “When JinXi-Er was hit onto the floor, he hadn’t died
yet. I immediately started to yell: ‘Second Sir, Second Sir! Please
don’t get mad at us ignorant fools.’ He laughed and seemed very happy. I
helped JinXi-Er up and started setting up the table for that man named
Yue. He asked: ‘How come Zhong… Zhong… isn’t here to see me?’ I replied:
‘Master haven’t found out about Second Sir’s honored arrival, or else he
would have came here much earlier to welcome you. I’m going to report
this to him right now.’ He nodded, then he saw that JinXi-Er was
standing there shaking, so he asked: ‘I just slapped you, I bet you are
cursing me deep down inside aren’t you?’ JinXi-Er replied: ‘No, no! I
wouldn’t dare, never ever dare!’ That man said: ‘Deep down inside, you
are probably calling me an evil person, so evil that I can’t get any
more evil, right? Hahaha.’ JinXi-Er replied: ‘No, no! Second Sir is a
great person, not at all evil.’ That man’s eyebrows turned sideways and
he shouted: ‘You are saying I’m not evil at all?’ JinXi-Er is so scared
that his whole body was shaking: ‘You… Second Sir… is not evil at all,
not… not a trace of evilness.’ That guys screamed in rage, suddenly he
grabbed JinXi-Er, and snapped his neck….” His voice was shaking,
obviously still shocked by what he saw.

Madame Zhong sighed and waved her hand: “You have had enough shock for
one day, why don’t you go and get some rest.” LaiFu-Er bowed: “Yes
ma’am.” And walked out.

Madame Zhong shook her head and let out a long sigh: “I’m not feeling
very well and would like a little bit of peace and quiet.” Master Zhong
replied: “Alright, I’m going to go see Yue Number 3 to make sure he
doesn’t cause more trouble.” Madame Zhong observed: “I say it’s best if
you call him ‘Yue Number 2’ instead.” Master Zhong replied: “Hmph, Yue
Number 3 might be vicious, but I’m not scared of him at all. I’m not
fussing over JinXi-Er’s murder only because he is giving me a lot of
face by coming all this way to help me.”

Madame Zhong shook her head and said: “We have been living here in peace
and quiet for 10 years now. In these 10 years, I have not left the
valley at all, are you still not satisfied? Why must you go invite ‘The
4 Arch-Villains’ here to make a mess of everything? You… you give me all
that sweet talk all the time when in reality you don’t care about me at
all!” Master Zhong immediately replied: “I… Since when did I not care
about you? I invited the 4 of them here for you.” Madame Zhong humphed:
“For me? Well let me thank you. If you really care about me, then listen
to me and send these ‘4 Arch-Villains’ on their way.”

Duan Yu was just feeling rather odd about this whole situation in the
neighboring room: “That Yue Number 3 killed for no reason at all, he
really is downright evil. Could there really be 3 more people who are as
evil as he is?”

Master Zhong was pacing back and forth in the hall. He spoke up with a
bit of anger in his voice: “That guy named Duan disgraced me too much,
if I don’t avenge this wrong, then how can I, Zhong WanChou, have face
to live in this world?”

Duan Yu mused: “So your name is Zhong WanChou? Ten-Thousand Enmities?
This name seems rather inappropriate. As the saying goes: ‘Enemies are
easy to make and hard to make up to.’ Holding one enmity already is not
a good thing, much less 10,000 enmities. No wonder your face got pulled
that long. The fact that you were able to marry such a flowery and
goddess-like wife with your looks means that you have about all the luck
in the world. You should change your name to ‘Ten-Thousand Fortunes’,
Zhong WanXin.”

Madame Zhong frowned and coldly replied: “Actually, the one you really
hate is me and not that other person. If you really wanted to cause
trouble for him, why don’t you go to their house and fight it out with
him? Asking for help like this, there won’t be much glory in it even if
you win.” The veins on Zhong WanChou’s forehead were all clearly visible
as he shouted: “He has all kinds of dogs and sidekicks under him, you
know that! I wanted to duel it out with him, but he never shows his
face, what can I do?” Madame Zhong lowered her head as drops of tear
quietly landed on her sleeves.

Zhong WanChou panicked: “I’m so sorry, Ah-Bao. Ah-Bao, please don’t get
mad, I was wrong to yell at you like that.” Madame Zhong did not reply,
but even more tears are appearing. Zhong WanChou scratched his head in
distress: “Ah-Bao, please don’t get mad at me. I couldn’t control
myself, I’m so sorry.”

Madame Zhong quietly replied: “You still can’t forget that matter no
matter what. What’s the point of me going on like this? Why don’t you
just kill me and end all of this. That way, you don’t have to keep on
getting mad about this. Then just go marry another pretty wife and
that’ll be that.”

Zhong WanChou lifted his hands up and slapped himself twice: “I was
wrong, I need to be punished!”

Seeing the big hand of his hitting that long horse-like face, Duan Yu
could not help but laugh at this comical scene. Even before he stopped
laughing, he knew that he had really done it this time and hoped against
hope that Zhong WanChou did not hear him. But Zhong WanChou immediately
shouted: “Who’s there?” “Peng!” Someone had kicked open the door and
jumped into the room. Duan Yu felt suddenly felt someone grab the back
of his neck and threw him into the middle of the outside room. His eyes
went black from the fall as he felt as if every bone in his body had
just snapped.

Zhong WanChou grabbed the back of his neck with his left hand and lifted
him up: “Who are you? What are you doing in my wife’s room?” Seeing Duan
Yu’s handsome face, he immediately became suspicious. He turned to
Madame Zhong and said: “Ah-Bao, you… you… again… again….”

Madame Zhong rebuked: “‘Again’ this, ‘again’ that, ‘again’ what? Put him
down, he is here to report an emergency.” Zhong WanChou asked: “What
kind of emergency?” He still had Duan Yu in midair and turned to him:
“Stinking bastard, I can tell from your appearence that you are not a
good person. What are you doing secretly hiding in my wife’s room? Tell
me, tell me now! If you even tell half a lie, I’ll make sure your head
end up like this table!” He brought his fist down hard onto a pear wood
table, smashing half of it to bits.

After being painfully thrown on the floor, lifted up in the air, and
hearing from Zhong WanChou’s tone of voice that he suspect that there
maybe something indecent going on between him and Madame Zhong, Duan Yu
got mad instead of scared. He shouted back: “My surname is Duan! If you
want to kill me then hurry it up! I don’t know what kind of rubbish you
are talking about!”

Zhong WanChou lifted his right fist up and shouted in rage: “Your name
is Duan too? Another one named Duan, a… another one named Duan.” By now,
the rage in him has turned to sadness and disappointment, and tears were
filling those big, rounded eyes of his.

Suddenly, Duan Yu felt very sorry for this man; figuring that he knows
that his appearance does not match his wife’s, and that is the reason
why he gets jealous and mad for no reason whatsoever, actually a very
pathetic situation for him. Unexpectedly, even though his life is in the
other man’s hands, he started to console him: “My surname is Duan, but I
have never seen Madame Zhong before in my life. You have no need to be
suspicious or sad.”

Happiness returned to Zhong WanChou’s face as he asked in a crackled
voice: “Really? You’ve never seen… never seen Ah-Bao before?” Duan Yu
replied: “I only came here for the first time not an hour ago.” Zhong
WanChou laughed sillily a couple of times and said: “Yes, of course!
Ah-Bao hasn’t left the valley in 10 years. Ten years ago, your were only
8 or 9, of course you can’t… can’t… cant….” But he still had Duan Yu up
in the air.

A shade of red appeared on Madame Zhong’s face as she spoke up: “Aren’t
you going to put Mr. Duan down?” Zhong WanChou immediately replied:
“Yes, of course.” He gently put Duan Yu down, but suddenly a look
suspicion appeared on his face again: “Mr. Duan? Mr. Duan? Who… Who’s
your father?”

Duan Yu figured: “If I lie about it this time, it would actually seem
like I have something to hide or whatever.” So he said in an earnest
tone: “Back then I did not tell Madame Zhong the truth when I shouldn’t
have. My name is Duan Yu, styled HeYu. I’m from DaLi. My father’s given
name is first-Zheng-then-Chun.”

Zhong WanChou hadn’t really figured out what “First-Zheng-then-Chun”
meant when Madame Wang asked with her voice shaking: “Your father is… is
Duan… Duan ZhengChun?” Duan Yu nodded: “Yes!”

Zhong WanChou screamed: “Duan ZhengChun!” His scream was so loud that it
seemed like the whole world was trembling. His face was red with rage
and his entire body was shaking as he yelled: “You… You are the son of
that dog, Duan ZhengChun?”

Duan Yu was furious and shouted back: “How dare you insult my father?”

Zhong WanChou shouted back: “Why wouldn’t I dare? Duan ZhengChun, you
are a dog, a bastard, a turtle egg!”

Suddenly, Duan Yu pieced it together: “That’s why he wrote outside:
‘Those who enter with the surname of Duan will die.’ Must be because he
hates my dad so much that he hates everyone named Duan.” So he calmly
and coldly replied: “Master Zhong, if you have a grudge or hatred for my
father, then you should get it over with once and for all in the view of
the world. If you got guts then go and insult my father to his face.
Insulting him behind his back is not the way of a real man. My father is
in DaLi, if you want to find him then you’ll find him easily. What’s the
point in putting up a sign in front of your house saying ‘Those who
enter with the surname of Duan will die’?”

Zhong WanChou’s face turned many different shades in a row, as if every
single word of what Duan Yu just said went straight into his heart. Rage
shot out from his eyes as he looked like he was about to kill. After
staying motionless for a while, he suddenly threw out 2 punches and
smashed 2 chairs to pieces. He followed by throwing a kick at the wall,
instantly creating a huge hole in the wall. All the while he screamed:
“I’m not afraid of not being able to beat your father, I… I’m scared…
scared that your father would find out that Ah-Bao is here….” When he
got to here, there were faint traces of sobs in his voice. He covered
his face with his hands and screamed: “I’m a coward, I’m a coward!”
Suddenly he ran out of the room, but smashing noises kept on coming from
outside as he kept on running into fences, flower pots, chairs, and
such.

Duan Yu was in shock for a long time, he thought: “So what if my dad
knows that your wife lives here? Would he come here and kill her?” He
thought that he was way too harsh with what he said, hurting Zhong
WanChou like that. Regretting what he said and feeling bad about the
whole situation, he turned around and saw that Madame Zhong was staring
at him.

As soon as their eyes met, Madame Zhong immediated turned her eyes away.
Her pale face suddenly turned a shade of pink. After a little silence,
she asked in a faint voice: “Mr. Duan, how has you father been? Is he
doing ok?”

Since she was inquiring about his father, Duan Yu stood up and answered
very politely and formally: “Father has been very good and healthy, he
is doing great.”

Madame Zhong replied: “That’s great. I……… I also….”

Once again, Duan Yu saw that there were little tear droplets on her long
eye lashes. She didn’t even finish the sentence before having to turn
away to wipe away the tears with her sleeve. Duan Yu felt sorry for her
and tried to console: “Auntie, even though Master Zhong has quite a
temper, he has nothing but love and respect for you. The 2 of you have a
full and beautiful marriage, this is a little disagreement, no need for
Auntie to be sad like this.”

Madame Zhong turned around and gave him a little smile: “At such a
little age, what do you know about whether or not a marriage is full or
beautiful?”

Seeing the faint traces of innocence and tenderness in her smile, Duan
Yu’s heart shook a bit as he was immediately reminded of Zhong Ling. He
turned his eyes toward Zhong Ling’s pair of flower shoes on the table
and thought: “Miss Zhong with that Goat Beard, she’s probably suffering
every moment of it. Got to get her out of there as soon as possible.” He
spoke up: “I was just very rude to Master Zhong, could Auntie please go
on my behalf and ask Master Zhong for forgiveness. And also ask him to
leave and save his beloved daughter at once.”

Madame Zhong replied: “My husband is busy taking care of some friends
that had just arrived from very far away. It is truly very hard for him
to leave right now. I’m sure you just heard as well how peculiar these
friends are, killing at the slightest provocation. If we aren’t polite
enough too them, who knows what kind of troubles that would bring to us?
Hm. The way things are now, let me go with you instead.” Excited, Duan
Yu replied: “If Auntie herself can go, then there is nothing more that
could be asked for.” Remembering something that Zhong Ling told him, he
asked: “Can Auntie cure that marten, Lightning’s poison?” Madame Zhong
shook her head: “No, I can’t.” Duan Yu hesitated: “Then… this….”

Madame Zhong walked back into her room, left a brief little note,
hurriedly tied a belt around her waist, and hung a sword off of it.
Returning to the hall, she said: “Let’s go!” And she immediately started
to walk out.

Duan Yu casually and naturally picked up the flowery shoes and put it
inside his shirt. Madame Zhong shook her head in silence, as if she
wanted to say something. But she finally decided against it and kept on
walking.

Once the 2 of them got outside of the hole in the tree, Madame Zhong
picked up her speed. Even though she looked delicate and frail, she was
walking much faster than Duan Yu.

Duan Yu still did’t feel assured: “Auntie, since you don’t know how to
cure, I’m afraid that Divine Farmer Clan might not let your beloved
daughter off so easily.”

Madame Zhong casually replied: “Who said we are asking them to let her
go? Divine Farmer Clan dared to detain my daughter and threaten me, they
must have grown tired of living. I don’t know how to save someone, but
that doesn’t mean that I don’t know how to kill someone.”

Duan Yu involuntarily shuddered as he felt that the disregard for human
life in these last several casual sentences were as prevalent as the
actions of that Yue Number 3.

Madame Zhong asked: “How many concubines does your father keep?” Duan Yu
answered: “None, he doesn’t keep any. My mom won’t allow it.” Madame
Zhong asked: “Is your father really scared of your mother?” Duan Yu
laughed and replied: “Not really afraid. It is mostly love and respect,
much like how Master Zhong is like to Auntie.” Madame Zhong replied:
“Um, does your father practice kungfu everyday? In these years, has his
kungfu gotten much better again?” Duan Yu replied: “Dad practices
everyday. But as for how good he is, I haven’t the slightest clue.”
Madame Zhong commented: “He hasn’t slacked off on his kungfu, then I… I
can set my mind to rest. How come you don’t know any kungfu at all?”

Amidst the conversation, the 2 of them had walked another half a
kilometer or so. Duan Yu was just about to answer when he heard a man
screaming: “Ah-Bao! Where… Where are you going?” Duan Yu turned around
and saw Zhong WanChou chasing up from behind with blinding speed.

Madame Zhong grabbed Duan Yu’s arm and shouted: “Hurry up!” She started
to run forward with great speed. Duan Yu’s foot was off the ground as he
was almost being carried by Madame Zhong. The 3 of them covered 50
meters or so in a flash. Athough Madame Zhong’s Qing Gong is not weaker
than her husband, she was nevertheless dragging another person and Zhong
WanChou gradually began to gain ground on her. After another 50 meters
or so Duan Yu could have swore he can feel Zhong WanChou’s breath on the
back of his neck. Suddenly there was a ripping sound and he felt cold
air blowing on his back. Part of the back of his shirt was torn off by
Zhong WanChou.

Madame Zhong directed some inner force into her left arm and threw Duan
Yu up over ten meters ahead while shouting: “Get out of here!” Her right
hand had already stabbed back with the the sword. Considering Zhong
WanChou’s kungfu, this move naturally shouldn’t hit him. Besides, Madame
Zhong had no intentions of injuring her husband, she just wanted to stop
his pursuit. But when she struck out with her sword, she suddenly felt
some slight resistance on the sword as it had stabbed her husband in the
chest.

Turns out that Zhong WanChou did not dodge nor parry, but instead leaned
forward and ran onto the sword.

Madame Zhong was shocked and immediately turned around. Her husband was
staring at her with a furious face but with tears in his eyes. With
blood gushing out where he had been stabbed, he said in a shaking voice:
“Ah-Bao, you…… are finally going to leave me?”

Even though her sword missed her husband’s heart, it nevertheless was
several inches deep in his chest and life-threatening. In panic, Madame
Zhong immediately pulled the sword out and jumped forth to press hard on
his wound. But blood was gushing out so much that they were shooting out
through the little spaces between her fingers.

Madame Zhong angrily said: “I didn’t want to harm you, why didn’t you
get out of the way!”

Zhong WanChou forced a wry smile and said: “You… You… are leaving me, I…
might as well die.” He then broke into a coughing fit. Madame Zhong
replied: “Who said I was leaving you? I’m just going out for a couple of
days and then I’ll be back. I’m going to save our daughter. Didn’t I
explain everything in that note that I left?” Master Zhong replied:
“What note?” Madame Zhong scoffed: “Ay! You are just too careless for
your own good.” So she briefly explained Zhong Ling’s capture by the
Divine Farmer Clan.

Duan Yu had been scared out of his wit by what he saw. When he had
recovered from the shock, he immediately tore off a piece of clothing
and tried to bandage up the wound for Zhong WanChou. Suddenly, Zhong
WanChou’s left foot came flying in and sent him rolling along the
ground. Zhong WanChou shouted: “Little bastard! I don’t want to see you
ever again!” He turned to Madame Zhong: “You are lying, I don’t believe
you. He obviously came… came to get you. This little bastard is his son…
he also insulted me….” He began coughing again, causing the blood to
gush out of his chest even more. He pointed at Duan Yu and shouted:
“Come on! Even though I’m wounded, I’m still not afraid of your 1 Yang
Zhi! Come on!”

Duan Yu’s left cheek had hit a particularly sharp rock when he fell
down. So when he pitifully got back up, half of his face was covered in
blood. He replied: “I don’t know 1 Yang Zhi. And even if I could, I
wouldn’t use it on you.” Zhong WanChou coughed some more before angrily
replying: “Little bastard, what are you pretending to be? Go… Go get
your old man here!” His coughing got even worse now that he is mad.

Madame Zhong spoke up: “You are always suspicious about everything.
Since you can’t trust me, then I might as well die right in front of you
and end it all.” She picked up the sword on the ground and brought it up
to her throat.

Zhong WanChou grabbed the sword out of her hand, but happiness filled
his face as he said in a shaking voice: “Ah-Bao, you really weren’t
running off with this little bastard?”

Madame Zhong angrily replied: “He is Mr. Duan, would you stop with the
little bastard, big bastard talk? I was going with Mr. Duan to get rid
of Divine Farmer Clan and save our daughter.” Hearing that she wasn’t
leaving him, Zhong WanChou was happy beyond belief, add that on top the
slightly angry expression on her face, and immediately his love and
affection returned: “If that’s the case, then it’s all my fault. But…
But since I have already chased all this way, why didn’t you just stop
and tell me all this?” Madame Zhong’s face turned just a little redder
as she replied: “I didn’t want you to see Mr. Duan again.” Zhong
WanChou’s suspicion was suddenly aroused again: “This little…. This Mr.
Duan isn’t your son is he?”

Angry and embarrased, Madame Zhong replied: “Pei! Why are you just
talking nonsense? First he’s my lover, now he’s my son. To tell you the
truth, he’s my old man, your father-in-law.” After saying that, she
laughed despite of herself.

Zhong WanChou was taken aback for a moment before he realized that his
wife was joking. That sent him into a wild laughter, which caused the
blood to flow out even faster out of his wound.

With tears rolling down her cheeks, Madame Zhong said: “What… What
should I do?” This made Zhong WanChou even happier as he put his arm
around her waist and said: “Ah-Bao, with you worrying so much about me.
Even if I die right now I would not feel wronged.” Madame Zhong’s cheeks
were burning red as she lightly pushed him away: “Mr. Duan is here, how
can you still act like that?” Zhong WanChou heartily laughed. After
several laughs, he coughed several times.

Seeing the pale and exhausted expression on her husband’s face, Madame
Zhong was deeply worried and said: “I can’t go save Ling-Er now, she
caused the trouble herself, she’ll just have to see what fate she is
dealt.” She helped her husband up and then turned to Duan Yu: “Mr. Duan,
go tell SiKong Xuan: my husband is that ‘Divine Horse King’ Zhong
WanChou who shocked the martial world years a go. I’m Chan BaoBao and
have a rather unpleasant nickname: ‘Pretty Medicine Fork’. If he dares
to even touch a single strand of hair on our daughter, remind him that
the 2 of us are tough and merciless.” For every sentence she said, Zhong
WanChou would add after it an “Yes, that’s right!”

Duan Yu had figured that Zhong WanChou could not go himself and that
Madame Zhong cannot leave her husband to save her daughter after
witnessing what he saw. Just using Divine Horse King Zhong WanChou and
Pretty Medicine Fork Chan BaoBao’s name probably could not scare SiKong
Xuan into submission. So it seems that the “Intestine Fragmenter” in his
belly would not be cured. He figured: “Since things are like this, then
there is no point and nothing good will come in saying anymore.” So he
replied: “Alright, I will go and tell them immediately.”

Seeing how he just naturally and suavely got up to leave as soon as he
said he would, Madame Zhong was once again reminded of someone in her
mind, she cried out: “Mr. Duan, I have one more sentence to say to you.”
She gently put her husband down and run up to Duan Yu. She took an
object out of her shirt, stuffed it in Duan Yu’s hand, and whispered:
“Take this to your father and ask him to please save our daughter.”

Duan Yu replied: “If my dad would come out, then of course Miss Zhong
would be saved. But the journey to DaLi is not a short one, I’m afraid
that I might not make it in time.” Madame Zhong said: “Then I’ll lend
you a good horse, please wait here for a bit. Please don’t forget to
tell your dad exactly: “‘Please save our daughter’.” She did not wait
for Duan Yu to reply before running to her husband’s side, helping him
up, and starting to walk back the way they came.

Duan Yu held his hand up and saw that what Madame Zhong stuffed in his
hand was a delicately made golden box. He opened it and saw that there
was a piece of paper inside. The paper was faintly yellow, obviously
very old, with several faint traces of spilled blood on it. On it was
written: “Girl born between 1 and 3am, February 5th, year of Geng-Shen”.
The calligraphy was soft and weak, obviously written by a female, and
the style was rather lacking, other than that there was nothing in the
box. Duan Yu wondered: “Who’s birth certificate is this? Madame Zhong
wants me to give this to my dad, what for? The year of Geng-Shen,
Geng-Shen….” He did a bit of counting backwards with his fingers, that
was exactly 16 years ago, “…. Could it be Miss Zhong’s? Madame Zhong
wants to marry her daughter off to me so that my dad would go save his
daughter-in-law?”

Deep in his thoughts, he was suddenly interrupted by a man’s voice: “Mr.
Duan!”

