Chapter 3 – A Swift Horse with a Masked Lady

(Fast Horse and Faint Fragrance)

Duan Yu turned around and saw a man dressed in servant clothing walking
quickly towards him, turned to be the LaiFe-Er that he saw a bit ago on
the other side of the wall. He walked up closer and bowed before
speaking: “LaiFu-Er humbly came following orders from the Madame to go
with sir to borrow the horse.” Duan Yu nodded: “Alright, sorry to
trouble you.”

So LaiFu-Er walked in front leading the way as they made their way
through the pine tree woods, turned north onto another small path, and
after walking for another 3 or 4 kilometers, they arrived in front of a
big house. LaiFu-Er went up, took the ring on the door in hand, gently
knocked twice, paused, then knocked 4 times, and finally he knocked 3
more times. That door cracked open just a little. LaiFu-Er stood outside
the door and whispered with the doorman for a while. By now it was dark,
Duan Yu looked up at the scattered stars in the sky; suddenly his mind
wandered to that cave and the Dear Goddess that lived in it.

Suddenly there came from inside the door a long and loud horse neigh,
Duan Yu could not help but comment: “Excellent horse! Excellent indeed!”
The door opened and a horse head poked out, the pair of horse eyes
glowed in the dark as they looked around, obviously this was not an
usual horse; with a couple more hoof beats, the black horse had walked
out of the door. The hoof beats were landing very lightly on the ground,
the horse was thin and slight but its legs were long as it had an air of
proud arrogance. A little maid with her hair down was leading the horse
out, in the darkness Duan Yu could not see her face, but she seemed to
be around 14 or 15.

LaiFu-Er spoke up: “Mr. Duan, Madame was worried that you might not get
to DaLi in time, so we came here to borrow a horse from the Young Miss
here. This horse’s leg power is truly amazing, this Young Miss here is a
good friend with our Young Miss as well, only upon hearing that sir was
going to save Young Miss did she let us borrow this horse, this really
is giving us a tremendous amount of face.” Duan Yu had seen quite a lot
of great horses, he only needed to hear its neigh to know that this
horse was truly one in a million, so he replied: “Many thanks!” He
reached over to grabbed the reins. The little maid tenderly stroked the
fur and mane of the horse while gently saying: “Now Black Rose, Young
Miss is letting this young sir borrow you to ride for a bit, so you
better be good and come back soon.” The black horse turned its head and
gently rubbed against her arm, showing a great amount of affection. The
maid handed the reins over to Duan Yu and admonished: “Don’t use whips
on this horse, the better you treat it, the faster it’ll run.”

Duan Yu replied: “Alright!” He thought: “The horse’s name is Black Rose,
so it’s got to be a mare.” So he said: “Miss Black Rose, please forgive
me for any rudeness of mine.” He bowed towards the horse as he said
this. The maid let out a little laugh and said: “Quite an interesting
guy you are that’s for sure. Hey, careful, don’t fall down.” Duan Yu
nimbly hopped onto the horse’s back and turned to the maid: “Many thanks
to the Young Miss of the house!” The maid replied with a laugh: “What?
No thanks for me?” Duan Yu cupped his fist and said: “Many thanks to my
sweet sister. When I return I’ll bring some delicious preserved fruits
for you.” The maid replied: “No need for the fruits. Just be careful and
don’t hurt the horse.”

LaiFu-Er instructed: “Ride north from here and you will find the highway
leading to DaLi. Sir, please take care.” Duan Yu waved his hand, the
horse started moving her legs, after a few gallops he was already some
50 meters away.

Black Rose did not need any urging as she was flying in the night, Duan
Yu felt as if the trees at his sides were backing up as they sped past
him; what’s more amazing was that the back of the horse was unusually
steady without even the slightest of dips. He thought: “At this rate, I
am sure to reach DaLi by tomorrow afternoon.”

In the amount of time to boil some tea, they had already traveled more
than 5 kilometers; the cool breeze blew through the night, bringing
smells of grass and trees to Duan Yu’s face. Duan Yu mused: “Galloping
in the night, one of the joys of life indeed.” But suddenly there came a
shout from ahead: “Bitch, stop!” A flash of blade being swung shot
through the darkness as a sabre came flying down. But the black horse
was so fast that the sabre missed by several meters. Duan Yu turned his
head and saw 2 huge men, one with a sabre in hand while another had a
spear, chasing after him. The 2 of them were cursing profusely at him:
“Bitch! Dressing up like a man! Think you can fool your old man?” In a
blink of an eye, the horse had left them way behind. Although the 2 men
were fast, soon even their cursing could not be heard anymore.

Duan Yu thought: “Those 2 ruffians were calling me ‘bitch’, and saying
that I’m ‘dressing up like a man’, what for? Oh I get it, they are
looking for Black Rose’s owner, so they saw the horse and didn’t bother
with checking out the rider, such rudeness.” After galloping for a few
more kilometers, a thought suddenly occurred to him: “Ai-Yo, this is not
good! I was lucky that this horse was fast to be able to escape their
ambush. Seems like that these 2 men’s kungfu aren’t that shabby, if the
young miss that lent me this horse came walking out without any
precaution, she might be ambushed. I have to go back and report this!”
So he immediately pulled the horse to a stop and said: “Black Rose,
someone wants to harm your master, we have to go back and report that,
to tell her to be careful and not leave the house.”

So he turned the horse around and started on the way back, when getting
close to where the 2 men ambushed him, he urged: “Faster, faster!” Black
Rose seemed to have understood him as she really did pick up her speed.
But the 2 men were gone. Duan Yu became even more worried: “Maybe the 2
of them went to attack that young miss in the house, that would be even
worse!” So he kept on urging “Faster”, it was as if Black Rose’s hooves
were not even touching the ground anymore as they went flying back the
way they came.

When they arrived back at the house, a pair of sticks suddenly popped
out of the ground and swung towards the horse’s legs. Black Rose didn’t
wait for Duan Yu to react and jumped over them herself, she then kicked
her hind legs back and knocked down one of the men with a stick.

In one flurry, Black Rose had arrived in front of the house, 4 or 5 men
jumped out from the darkness and grabbed onto Black Rose’s reins. Duan
Yu felt something gripping his right arm as he was dragged down of the
horse. Someone demanded: “Boy, what are you doing here? Where do you
think you are going?”

Duan Yu was grumbling to himself: “This can’t be good, not good at all,
the entire house is surrounded, I wonder if they have done anything to
the owner?” Feeling the grip on his right arm tighten like a vise, so
much so that the right side of his body was numb, he replied: “I’m here
to see the master of this place, what do you think you are doing, acting
this rudely?” Another voice, which was old and raspy, observed: “This
little bastard was riding that bitch’s black horse, he must be a friend
of that bitch, let him go in and we can wipe all of them out in one
strike.” Duan Yu’s mind was a mess as he couldn’t calm down: “This is
called asking for it. Well, since it’s already like this, only thing to
do is to go in and hope for the best.” Feeling the grip on his right arm
loosen, he adjusted his clothing a bit and walked right through the
door.

He walked through a yard with roses planted on each side of the stone
path that caused the whole place to permeate with a delicious fragrance;
the stone path twisted and turned through a round door as Duan Yu
followed the path, seeing that there were men placed here and there all
along the path for an ambush. Suddenly he heard a light cough from up
above, he looked up and saw that there were 7 or 8 men standing on top
of the wall as well, the weapons in their hands flashed brilliantly in
the night; overwhelmed, he thought: “There can’t be that many men in the
house, yet so many enemies showed up, are they going to kill everyone
for real?” The men were staring at him murderously through the darkness,
some of them had their hands on their weapons, making them even more
threatening. Duan Yu could only try to stay calm and force himself to
smile back. The stone path led to a huge parlor that had lamp light
shining through the rows of windows. He walked up to it and spoke in a
loud voice: “I humbly request an audience with the master of this
place.”

A very raspy voice shouted back: “Who the hell is it? Get in here now!”

Duan Yu was feeling a bit offended as he pushed open the door and walked
in; he saw around 17 or 18 people in the parlor, some standing, some
sitting. In the middle sat a girl wearing black, her back was facing
towards the door so her face could not be seen, her body look slender
and elegant, her shiny dark black hair was done in the style of a girl.
Two old women sat in the grand chair on the east side, they had nothing
in their hands; the rest of the men and women present all had weapons in
hand. A person was lying in front of the old woman that sat closer to
the door, blood was pouring out of his forehead, obviously dead; this
person happens to be the person that led Duan Yu here for the horse,
LaiFu-Er. Duan Yu thought how polite and respectful this person treated
himself and his terrible fate of being suddenly killed here, which was
partly caused by himself, he felt terrible.

The old woman that sat farther from the door was short in stature and
had a head of white hair, she demanded in a raspy voice: “Hey boy! What
are you doing here?”

When Duan Yu pushed open the door and stepped in, he had already made up
his mind: “Since I’m in such mortal danger, if I’m able to escape then
it really is fortune of fortunes, but seeing the murderous looks on
these people, it would not help a bit if I tell them what they want to
hear.” Now he was even more determined after seeing LaiFu-Er’s body on
the floor, so he held his head up high and said: “Gramps had only lived
a couple more years, why are you being so rude and going ‘boy this’ or
‘boy that’ all the time?”

That old woman’s face was short and wide, filled with wrinkles, and her
white color eye brows were slanting downwards; the pair of eyes that she
had narrowed to a crack suddenly looked murderous as she sized up Duan
Yu a couple of times. The old woman that sat closer to the door shouted
back: “Stinking boy, how dare you! Grandma Rui was actually addressing
you herself, that’s giving you a lot of face already! Do you have any
idea who this gramps is? You can’t see Mount Tai if it was right in
front of you!” This old woman was very fat, her belly stuck out as if
she was 7 or 8 months pregnant, only some of her hair was white and her
face was ugly and ferocious, when she talked her voice was rougher than
most men; she had a wide-bladed dagger on each side of her hips, one of
the daggers was covered with blood; obviously she was the one that
killed LaiFu-Er.

When Duan Yu saw this, he became even angrier as he replied loudly:
“From your accent I can see you are from around here, and yet you dared
to cause trouble and kill here in DaLi, you have to know that even
though DaLi is a small country, it still has laws. As for who Grandma
Rui is, I have no clue, but even if she’s the Queen Mom of the Great
Song she can’t come here to DaLi and kill as she pleases!”

The fat old woman was furious, she jumped up out of her chair and with a
flick of her wrist, a dagger had appeared in each of her hands. She
shouted: “Well I just happen to want to kill you, what can you do about
it? There isn’t a single decent person in all of DaLi, they should all
be killed.” Duan Yu yawned and snickered: “Such wonderful logic, funny,
very funny!” The old woman took step forward and the dagger in her left
hand came chopping down towards his forehead.

“Dang”! An iron crutch came out of nowhere and parried the dagger away;
unexpectedly, it came from Grandma Rui. She said in a low voice: “Be
patient Grandma Ping, let’s find out what we can and then we can still
kill him!” She put her iron crutch back on the side of the chair and
turned towards Duan Yu: “Who are you?” Duan Yu replied: “I am a citizen
of DaLi. This fat gramps here said that everyone in DaLi should die,
then I guess I’m someone who should die as well.” Grandma Ping was still
furious: “Call me Grandma Ping, what’s with all those fat comments?”
Duan Yu snickered: “Why don’t you take a look at your tummy, is it fat
or not?”

Grandma Ping was livid: “You little bastard!” She swung her dagger hard
twice at the air in front of her. The sight and sound of those 2 swings
made Duan Yu suddenly break out in a cold sweat in fear, but he was
still able to make his face look like he didn’t care.

Grandma Rui observed: “You look rather clean and refined, are you a
friend of this little bitch?” She pointed at the back of the girl in
back. Duan Yu replied: “I have never seen this young miss before in my
life. But Grandma Rui, I urge you to be a bit more tactful in your
choice of words and not just come out cursing everyone. This young miss
is showing quite a lot of character not to make a fuss over this with
you, but you don’t come out very well anyway.” Grandma Rui replied:
“Pei! How dare you tell me how to behave! If you never met this bitch
before, then what are you doing here?”

Duan Yu replied: “I’m here to give her a message.” Grandma Rui asked:
“What message?” Duan Yu sighed: “I’m a step too late, so the message
really doesn’t matter anymore.” Grandma Rui demanded severely: “What
message? Tell me.” Duan Yu replied: “When I see the master of this
place, I would automatically say it, why would I tell you?” Grandma Rui
faintly sneered for a while before responding: “You want to say it, then
go ahead and say it. A little bit more hesitation, then both of you are
going off to the nether world.” Duan Yu asked: “Who is the master? I
have thank the master for letting me borrow the horse.”

Just as he finished saying this, everyone in the parlor’s eyes turned
towards the girl in black sitting in the middle.

Duan Yu was quite surprised: “Can she be the master of this place? She’s
a girl and is surrounded by so many powerful enemies, this is not
looking good.”

The girl slowly spoke up: “Letting you borrow the horse was giving
someone else face, no need for you to thank me. What are you doing back
here and not off to save her?” Even though she’s talking, she did not
turn around and her face was still facing inward.

Duan Yu replied: “I was riding on Black Rose when I was ambushed on the
path by someone who mistook me for Miss. They were calling out some rude
names as well. I felt that this does not seem right and had to come back
and give a message to Miss.”

The girl asked: “What message?” Her voice was clear and beautiful, but
her tone of voice was cold without the slightest hint of warmth and
unspeakably uncomfortable to the ear. As if she did not care for
anything in the world, as if she was filled with hatred for everyone in
the world, as if she hoped to be able to kill everyone in the world.

Feeling that she was being rather impolite, Duan Yu wasn’t feeling all
that great inside. But figuring that since she had fallen into enemy
hands and her life hung in the balance, he forgave her for acting a
little out of character. He actually felt a bit of sympathy for her as
he gently replied: “Those 2 low-lives intended to harm Miss, I was able
to avoid their ambush because of the speed of my ride. But I thought
Miss might not know that you have enemies coming, so I came running back
to report this and urge Miss to leave as soon as possible to avoid the
danger. But alas, I was still too late, they are already here.”

The girl sneered: “What are you trying to get on my good side and
pretending to care?” This made Duan Yu quite angry as he replied much
louder than he needed to: “I have never seen Miss before in my life. But
how could I not get involved when I know that Miss is in danger? How
could Miss say ‘trying to get on my good side’?” The girl asked: “Do you
know how I am?” Duan Yu replied: “Not at all.”

The girl commented: “I heard from LaiFu-Er that even though you don’t
know any kungfu, you actually dared to go up against and argue with
Master of the Valley of 10,000 Calamities to his face. You got some
guts, now that you are involved in this mess, what do you plan to do?”
Duan Yu was taken aback for a moment before answering: “I had planned to
leave as soon as I report this matter to Miss and head straight home.”
When he got to here, he sighed: “But it looks like Miss is in grave
danger, and I’m not much better off either. How did Miss become enemy
with this lot anyway?”

The girl in black let out a snicker and said: “What right do you have to
ask me?” Duan Yu was taken aback for a moment again and replied: “I
shouldn’t ask about other people’s private business. Alright, I have
told you what I wanted, so I don’t owe you anything either.” The girl in
black asked: “You didn’t think that you were going to lose your life
here did you? Are you regretting coming back?” Noticing that she was
obviously mocking him, Duan Yu replied, again, much louder than he
needed to: “A real man only hopes to do the right thing in terms of
honor and friendship and takes consequences as they come, what’s there
to regret about?”

The girl in black humphed and replied: “With what little that you can
do, you still call yourself a real man?” Duan Yu rebuked: “The measure
of a man is not in his kungfu skill. If one’s kungfu is the best in the
world, but his actions are despicable, then he does not deserve to be
call a real man either.” The girl in black sneered: “Hehe, you saw
something you didn’t like and came back to tell me, turns out you were
trying to be a real man. Too bad in a bit when you are chopped to pieces
by sabres, you probably won’t look too much like a real man.”

Grandma Ping suddenly cut in: “Little bitch, quit wasting time! Get up
and fight!” She banged her daggers together, creating a piercing hum.

The girl in black coldly replied: “You have already lived for so long,
what’s waiting a couple more minutes to die? How come that old bitch
Wang from SuZhou doesn’t come and kill me herself if she wanted to but
instead send you servants?”

Grandma Rui replied: “Even seeing a noble person like our Madame is out
of the question for a little bitch like you. If you know what’s good for
you, then just go with us and kowtow a couple of times to Madame. Maybe
Madame will be merciful and let you keep your life. Don’t even think
about trying to escape this time, you can’t. Where’s your master?” The
girl in black suddenly shrieked: “My master is behind you!”

Grandma Rui, Grandma Ping, and the rest of the people were all shocked
as all of them spun around. There was nobody there.

Seeing that everyone of them fell of it, Duan Yu busted out laughing.
Grandma Ping angrily demanded: “What are you laughing at?” Duan Yu
managed to get out in between his laughs: “Funny, funny!” Grandma Ping
asked further: “What’s funny?” Duan Yu replied: “Haha, so funny!”
Grandma Ping asked again: “What’s so funny?” Duan Yu was still laughing:
“Hehe, so funny, so very funny!” Grandma Ping asked yet again: “What’s
so very funny?” Grandma Rui cut in: “Grandma Ping, just ignore this
little bastard!” Turning toward the girl in black, she continued: “Miss,
you have ran from just south of the Yangtze all the way to DaLi, and we
have chased you all the way here as well. Do you think we can possibly
stop this? Even if every single one of us dies by your hand, we still
have to somehow bring you back there. Go ahead if you please!”

From her tone of voice, Duan Yu detected that Grandma Rui was rather
scared of this girl in black, he was secretly shocked. Looking around at
the other 17 or 18 people in the parlor, he noticed that all of them
were holding their weapons tightly and looking at her in anger, yet none
of them dared to make a move. Grandma Ping was clutching her twin
daggers tightly and had walked almost up to the girl’s back on a few
occasions before hastily retreating.

The girl in black spoke up: “Ay! Messenger Boy, all these people are
fighting me, any ideas what I should do?” Duan Yu thought out loud: “Um,
Black Rose is right outside, if you can somehow break through them, you
can escape riding on the horse. That horse is amazingly fast, there is
no way they can catch up to you.” The girl in black asked: “Then how
about yourself?” Duan Yu replied seriously: “I don’t have anything to do
with them, no gratitude nor revenge is owed between us; you never know,
maybe they would leave me alone.”

The girl in black snickered and said: “If they are that reasonable, then
they wouldn’t gang up on me like this. Your life is gone; if I can
escape, got any last wishes that you would like for me to do for you?”

With a tinge of pain in his heart, Duan Yu said: “Your good friend, Miss
Zhong, is captured by Divine Farmer Clan in No Measure Mountain. Her
mother gave me this box to give to my father and ask him to save her.
If… If… Miss can escape, then could you do this for me? I would be
indescribably grateful.” As he was talking, he walked up and held out
the delicate box. When he got to about 1 meter behind her, he was
suddenly hit with a sweet fragrance, very much like orchid but not quite
and similiar musk but not. Although the fragrance wasn’t strong, it was
refreshing and sweet, he couldn’t help but be dazed when he smelled it.

The girl in black still didn’t turn around and asked: “Zhong Ling is
very pretty, do you have feelings for her?” Duan Yu immediately replied:
“No, no. Miss Zhong is so young and so innocent and pure. How… how I can
get that kind of ideas?” The girl in black reached back with her left
arm and took the box out of his hand. Duan Yu noticed that she was
wearing a very thin black glove so that not a single bit of her skin was
exposed. He added: “My father lives in the city of DaLi, you only
need….” The girl cut him off: “We can talk about this later.” Putting
the box inside her shirt, she suddenly said: “The old man named Zhu, get
the hell out of my sight!” An old man with white beard asked in a
trembling voice: “What did you say?” The girl replied: “Get out of the
parlor now, I don’t want to kill you today.” The old man pointed his
sword at her and shouted: “What the hell are you saying?” His voice was
still trembling, although it was unclear if it was caused by anger or by
fear.

The girl in black replied: “You are not a servant of that Wang bitch,
you just got dragged along by those 2 grandmas. This entire trip you
have been pretty good to me, those guys kept on trying to take down my
mask but you kept on getting in the way. Hmph, you can actually be
considered as not deserving to die. So get the hell out of my sight!”
The old man’s face turned to a dirt color as the point of the sword in
his hand slowly began to point lower and lower.

Duan Yu cut in: “Miss, if you want him to leave, then just tell him so,
no need to be so impolite. You might anger this gentleman named Zhu.”
But to his surprise, the old man with the surname of Zhu hesitated for a
bit and then looked frightened for a while before he suddenly dropped
his sword, turned around, and actually began to run off with his hands
covering his face. Just as he was about to push the parlor door open,
Grandma Ping flicked her right hand, and a dagger came flying out,
hitting him smack in the middle of his back. The old man fell down and
crawl several of meters more on the ground before he finally stopped
moving.

Furious, Duan Yu shouted: “Hey, fat grandma, this old gentleman was one
of you guys! Why did you have to do that to him?”

Grandma Ping took out another dagger from her waist with her right hand
and, with a dagger in both hands, stared at the girl in black, as if she
didn’t hear what Duan Yu said at all. All the people in that parlor had
took a couple of steps forward as they were all prepared to pounce at
the slightest provocation or command.

Seeing such a scene, Duan Yu was overwhelmed with indignation as he
shouted: “All of you guys, what do you think you are doing ganging up
against a completely unarmed girl?” He charged up a few steps, got
between the girl and the others, and shouted: “Let’s see which one of
you dares to do something now!” Even though he didn’t know a lick of
kungfu, this type of righteousness still carried quite a mighty and
intimidating air with it.

Seeing how fearless he was, Grandma Rui couldn’t help but wonder if this
young man wasn’t pretending that he didn’t know any kungfu then he must
have someone very powerful behind him. She was following her orders when
she came all the way from just south of the Yangtze to here in DaLi to
capture this girl in black, so she was unfamiliar with local customs or
people and did not want to make any enemies. So she actually sounded
very polite when she said: “Why must sir meddle in this matter?” Duan Yu
replied: “That’s right, I won’t allow you people to unfairly gang up on
her.” Grandma Rui asked: “What sect or clan does sir belong to? And what
is sir’s relationship with this little bitch? Who’s order are you
following, coming here and getting in the middle of all this?”

Duan Yu shook his head: “I have never met this girl before. But
everything in this world still has to be measure in terms of reason. I
urge everyone to stop all this nonsense when the time comes. All these
people ganging up against one single girl isn’t all that glorious is
it?” He then whispered: “Run Miss! I’ll try and stop them somehow.”

The girl in black whispered back: “You are giving your life away for me,
sure you won’t regret it?” Duan Yu replied: “No regrets of any kind.”
The girl asked again: “Aren’t you scared to die?” Duan Yu sighed: “Of
course I’m scared, but… but….”

The girl in black suddenly yelled: “You’re not even strong enough to
kill a chicken, why pretend to be a hero?” She suddenly flicked her
right arm as 2 colorful strips of cloth shot out and grabbed a hold Duan
Yu’s legs. Suddenly seeing her attacking Duan Yu shocked Grandma Rui,
Grandma Ping, and everyone else present. While they were still
recovering from their shock, the girl in black flicked her left arm
repeatedly. “Dong”, “Feng”, “Bang” was all Duan Yu could hear as he
thought he saw people fall down and the reflections off of blades
flashed into his eyes before all the candle-light in the parlor was put
out and darkness descended. Then he felt himself flying.

All this change came too fast as he could not make out where he was. But
all around him was screams: “Don’t let her get away!” “Watch out for her
poison arrows!” “Let loose your daggers! Let loose your daggers!” What
followed was sounds of metal clanking before his body suddenly took off
again and there were hoof beats. He was on the back of a horse, but his
arms and legs were tied up and he couldn’t move. There was someone
leaning up against his back. There was a faint fragrance in the air, the
fragrance that belonged to the girl in black. The hoof beats were light
and steady as the sounds of shouting got further and further away. Black
Rose was entirely black and the girl was wearing only black, so they
just disappeared in the darkness of the night; the only sign of them was
the faint fragrance permeating through the air, adding a feel of mystery
to them.

After Black Rose ran for a while, the shouting could not be heard
anymore. Only then did Duan Yu spoke up: “Miss, I didn’t expect you to
be so amazing, can I get off now?” The girl humphed but did not reply.
Duan Yu’s arms and legs were bounded very tightly and it felt as if they
were getting tighter with every step Black Rose takes, causing more and
more pain. On top of that his foot was above his head as he was lying
sideways on the horse, making him feeling dazed and very uncomfortable.
He had to speak up again: “Miss, let me down!”

“Pa”! The girl suddenly slapped him hard on his cheek. Coldly, she
commanded: “Shut up! Do not talk unless spoken to!” In anger, Duan Yu
asked: “Why?” “Pa, Pa!” He was slapped twice more, this time even harder
than the first one, so much so that his right ear was ringing.

Duan Yu shouted: “How dare you hit people for no reason! Put me down, I
don’t want to be with you!” Suddenly his body flew out again and smack
onto the ground. But his arms and legs were still tied and the other end
was still in the girl’s hands. Duan Yu was being pulled along the ground
by Black Rose.

The girl in black quietly give a little command and Black Rose slowed
down a bit. She then asked: “Give up? Willing to obey my commands now?”

Duan Yu shouted back: “No! No way! Never! Just a little bit ago I was
about to die and I wasn’t even afraid then. This little torture from
you, what have I… I….” He was going to say “what have I got to be scared
of?” But right at that time he just happened to be pulled into 2 little
dirt mounds on the road; after those 2 little mounds, there was no way
he could have finished his sentence.

The girl in black mocked: “How about now”? She gave the piece of cloth a
pull and pulled him onto the horse again. Finally, Duan Yu was able to
say: “What have I got to be scared of? Nothing! I don’t like being
pulled around by you!” The girl humphed and replied: “How dare you talk
in front of me? If I want to torture you, then it would be to the point
where you don’t know if you are alive or dead anymore, nothing like this
weak stuff!” She flicked her left arm and threw him back onto the ground
again.

Furious, Duan Yu thought to himself: “So it turns out there was a good
reason that those people were calling you ‘little bitch’!” He shouted at
her: “If you don’t stop now, then I’m going to start saying some
unpleasant stuff!” The girl asked: “If you dare then go ahead. I have
been cursed at too many times in my life to care.” Duan Yu noticed a
hint of sadness in what she said, so he didn’t have the heart to make
himself utter the words ‘little bitch’ which were on the tip of his
tongue.

After a little bit of waiting, the girl in black, noticing that he
hadn’t said anything, spoke up: “Hmph! Figured you wouldn’t dare to
curse at me!”

Duan Yu replied: “I pitied you and couldn’t bring myself to curse at
you, not like I was afraid or anything!”

The girl gave a little command to urge the horse to run faster and Black
Rose began to gallop. Now Duan Yu was in for it, his face, arms, and
legs were just covered with blood from cuts and scratches from rocks and
stones on the path by the time the girl shouted: “Give up?” Duan Yu
shouted at the top of his lungs: “You evil witch!” The girl shouted
back: “I have been a witch all along, no need for you to remind me,
didn’t you know?”

Duan Yu yelled back: “I… I… was so… was so… so nice towards you….” But
suddenly his hand ran smack into a rock that was jutting out of the
ground and he fainted. After who knows how much time, he suddenly felt
coolness around his head, causing him to wake up and swallow a mouthful
of water. He immediately closed his mouth but couldn’t help but cough
from the water, causing even more water to enter his mouth and nose.
Turns out that he was still being pulled by the horse, only that the
girl noticed that he had fainted and dragged him across a small creek so
that the cold water could wake him up. Luckily this creek was rather
narrow and soon he was out of it. Duan Yu was in torture, his cloths
were soaked through, the water he swallowed was making him feel bloated,
and then his body was covered with cuts. The girl spoke up: “Give up?”
Duan Yu thought to himself: “There are actually this kind of
unreasonable woman in the world? It must be destined that I, Duan Yu,
would suffer in her hands; if that’s the case, then there is really no
need to say anything more to her.” The girl asked several more time:
“Give up? Had enough yet?” Duan Yu did not reply at all and just
pretended as if he didn’t hear her. The girl began losing her patience:
“Are you deaf? Why aren’t you answering me?” Duan Yu still did not
reply. The girl pulled her horse to a stop and turned around to see if
he was conscious. By now dawn was drawing near and there were hints of
light from the east. But her eyes were huge as they stared at him in
anger: “Oh! So you are conscious but were pretending to be dead! Well if
we are going to fight then let’s fight fair and square and see who is
more powerful!” She jumped down off her horse and, with a light little
flick, grabbed a small branch off a tree and smacked Duan Yu’s face with
it.

This was the first time Duan Yu was face to face with her. Her face was
entirely covered with a black mask and all he could see was her eyes, a
pair of bright and shiny eyes. Duan Yu smiled and mused: “Well of course
you are more powerful. You are an evil witch, like there is anybody in
the world who is more powerful?”

The girl spoke up: “Didn’t think you can still smile! What are you
smiling at?” Duan Yu made a face at her and smiled some more. “Pa, Pa,
Pa, Pa!” The girl smacked him 7 or 8 more times with the branch. Duan Yu
had already resigned to his fate so he didn’t care anymore and, with all
his might and effort, kept on smiling. Now the girl wasn’t holding
anything back and the branches were hitting the most painful places on
his body, he almost yelped several times but somehow managed to hold it
all back in.

Seeing how stubborn he was, the girl was even more furious: “Alright,
you like being a deaf-mute, then I’ll grant your wish and make you a
real deaf-mute!” She reached into her shirt and grabbed a dagger out.
The dagger was about 15 centimeters long and looked sharp and
intimidating. She took several steps towards him, placed the dagger by
his left ear, and asked menacingly: “Did you hear what I said? Do you
want to keep this ear or not?” Seeing that Duan Yu was still not
replying, a murderous look suddenly appeared in her eyes as she raised
the dagger and brought it down toward his ear.

In a panic, Duan Yu shouted: “Hey, hey, hey! Are you for real? This
would make me go deaf in that ear, do you know how to cure that?” The
girl replied: “Pei! I can kill people and make them come back to life!
Don’t believe me? Then let’s give it a try!” Duan Yu immediately
replied: “I believe you, I believe you! No need to try it out.”

Seeing that he finally spoke up, the girl felt as she has won and
decided to stop torturing him. So she picked him up and put him on to
the back of the horse and then jumped on behind him. This time she
actually put him with his head up and foot down, giving him a little
special treatment. Even though he wasn’t upside down anymore, his hands
and legs were still tightly bounded. But compared to the upside down
position he was in earlier, this was heaven, so he did not dare to say
anything to the girl in fear of upsetting her.

After travelling for more than an hour, Duan Yu was starting to get
impatient about the fact that his hands were still tied. But he could
not gesture to the girl because his hands were tied together, and he
couldn’t come up with a appropriate gesture even if his hands were free.
So he had to speak up: “I have to go, could miss please kindly untie
me?” The girl replied: “Oh! So you are not a mute anymore are you? Why
are you talking to me now?” Duan Yu replied, quite frankly: “I can’t
help it and wouldn’t dare to shame miss. Miss smells so good, but if I
proceed to become “Stinky”, wouldn’t that really make this ride less
enjoyable?” The girl could not help but let out a little peal of
laughter. Figuring he has had enough, she cut loose the rope that was
tied around his hands and legs and began to walk off.

After being tied up for so long, Duan Yu’s arms and legs went numb a
long time ago and he could not move at all. All he could do for a while
was roll around on the ground before he could finally stand up. After
taking care of his business, he noticed that Black Rose was just
standing there eating grass, looking just as tame and obedient as can
be. He thought: “What are you waiting for? Run!” So he secretly got onto
the saddle as Black Rose did not show the least bit of resistance. With
one jerk of the reins, the horse started to gallop northward.

Hearing hoofbeats, the girl came chasing after them. But with Black
Rose’s blazing speed, the girl wouldn’t have been able to chase them
down no matter how great her Qing Gong was. Duan Yu turned around,
cupped his fist, and saluted: “Miss, we will meet again!” Just in the
time he said those words, Black Rose put another 50 or so meters between
them. The next time he turned around, the girl was already not in sight.
Finally escaping from the clutches of this devious girl, he could not
feel any happier as he continually urged on: “Good horsey, good horsey!
Faster, faster!”

After running for a bit, Duan Yu calculated: “So that’s a day wasted, am
I still able to save Miss Zhong in time? No choice left but keep on
running without stopping for food or sleep. Wonder if Black Rose could
hold up?” He was still pondering that question when suddenly there came
a loud and clear whistle from behind.

When Black Rose heard the whistle, she immediately turned around and
started running back. Shocked, Duan Yu began to beg: “Good horsey, nice
horsey! Don’t go back!” He pulled on the reins as hard as he could
trying to make Black Rose turn around. But even when her head was pulled
almost sideways, Black Rose was still running forward, not listening to
his commands at all.

In a blink of an eye, Black Rose had returned to the girl in black’s
side and stopped. Duan Yu wasn’t sure if he felt like crying or laughing
as he just sat there completely speechless with a peculiar expression on
his face. Coldly, the girl said: “I didn’t really want to kill you, but
even if I don’t count the fact that you ran away on your own, there is
still the fact that you stole my horse! How do you count yourself as a
real man?”

Duan Yu jumped off the horse and replied back with all the aplomb of
someone who knew he was in the right: “I’m not your slave, I can leave
and go whenever I want, how could you call that ‘run away’? You lent me
Black Rose earlier, I haven’t given her back yet, so that can’t be
counted as stealing either. If you want to kill then go right ahead.
ZenZi said: ‘Reversing thyself, millions of men can’t do, tis
enlightenment!’ I came back by myself, so of course I’m a real man!”

The girl replied: “What are you talking about? Even if you reverse
thyself I’m still going to poke a hole in you with my sword!” Obviously
not understanding what he said, she grabbed the handle of her sword and
pulled it out halfway: “How dare you do that? Think I can’t kill you? Is
that why you are being so hardheaded and fighting me every step of the
way?”

Duan Yu rebuked: “I have done nothing wrong towards Miss in my heart,
who is the one being stubborn and antagonistic here?”

The girl stared at him with that icy stare of hers and Duan Yu stared
back right back at her without the slightest hint of backing off in his
stare. The 2 of them stood there staring at each other for a long time
before the girl finally slammed her sword completely back into the
sheath and commanded: “Go away! You can temporarily keep that head of
yours for me to take whenever I feel like it in the future.” Duan Yu had
already figured that he was going to die and was hugely surprised that
she would let him go. Still in shock, he did not say another word and
started to limp off because of the numbness that was still in his legs.

After walking for several dozen meters, he still did not hear any
hoofbeats; so he turned around and saw that the girl was still standing
there in a trance. He figured: “She’s probably thinking about how to get
me next time, like what a cat does to a mouse. Only when she had enough
fun with me will she finally kill me. Alright, it’s not like I can
escape anyway, whatever happens happens.” Surprisingly, after walking
for a long time, he still did not hear any hoofbeats.

After walking through several forks in the road, he began to feel safer
and safer. Because of that, he began to notice the pain from all the
scratches and bumps on his body. He mused: “Such weird moods that girl
has, maybe it’s because her parents died when she was little and she had
to endure all kinds of stuff in her life… maybe it’s because she is
indescribably ugly, to the point that she could not face others. Either
way she is a tragic character. Ai-yo! That golden box that Madame Zhong
gave me is still on her!” But he did not dare to even think about going
back and getting it from her, so he figured: “When I finally meet
father, I’ll just promise him that I’ll be willing to learn kungfu and,
without a doubt, father would be willing to go save Miss Zhong, even if
my dad doesn’t go himself, he would just send some people to do it for
her. That golden box really doesn’t have much use now that I think about
it. Pity that I don’t have a ride anymore, if I try to walk to DaLi like
this, more likely than not I would just die from that poison before I
even get there. Miss Zhong is probably about to die from waiting for me
to go save her. When she sees that I hadn’t returned and her father did
not come and save her, she would probably figure that I didn’t deliver
my message to her. The least I should do is somehow make it back to No
Measure Mountain and die with her, that way at least she would know that
I did not betray her.”

Now that he made up his mind, he immediately looked around to figure out
which direction No Measure Mountain was and began walking in that
direction. The banks of LanCang River were desolate, he did not see or
meet any signs of human life for several kilometers. The entire day he
had to resort to eating wild fruits and sleeping in a ditch on the side
of a hill.

It was in the afternoon the next day when he crossed another
iron-chained bridge and crossed LanCang River again. Afterwards he
walked for another 20 or so kilometers and finally reached a little
town. All the money he had were lost a long time ago, probably when he
fell down the cliff. Noticing that his clothing were just absolutely
ruined and feeling very hungry, he suddenly remembered that the piece of
jade that was on his hat was valuable, so he tore it down and went to
the pawn shop in town. The pawn shop was not an ideal place to exchange
jewelry, but this was the only decent pawn shop in town. The shopkeeper
did not treat Duan Yu condescendingly because he acted rather wealthy
despite his appearence. Still, he did not understand a thing about jade
and was only willing to offer 2 taels of silver for it. Duan Yu did not
bother with arguing and took his offer. He wanted to go buy some new
clothes, but there wasn’t a place in town that sells clothing so he
found a little restaurant and ordered some food.

As he sat down, he noticed that both of his kneecaps were protruding out
of holes in his pants and that the front and back of his robe were torn
off; not to mention that there was a hole in the back of his pants,
revealing much of his behind, which was feeling very cold sitting on the
bench. He mused: “This is really quite impolite to be like this, best to
take care of this as soon as possible.” The waiter brought the dishes to
his table and said: “So sorry, but we don’t have any meat or fish today.
Please forgive us, here is some vegetable and tofu to go down with the
rice.” Duan Yu replied as he brought the bowl of rice up to his mouth:
“It’s alright, it’s alright.” He had been wearing the best of clothes
and eating the best of foods all his life. But because he hadn’t eaten
anything for days, this little meal of rice and vegetables was one of
the best he ever had in his life.

By the time he made it to the third bowl, he suddenly heard someone
outside saying: “Dear, there’s a little restaurant here, let’s see what
they have.” A girl replied with a laugh: “What kind of look is that to
give me? Looks like you haven’t eaten in days.”

The voices were strangely familiar to Duan Yu before he suddenly
realized that they belonged to Gan GuangHao of No Measure Mountain and
his Sister Ge. Panicking, he immediately turned so he faced inward,
thinking: “‘Dear’? Hm, they must have gotten married. It is just like
that saying, this Brother Gan here gained a wife, now I’m going to get
it.”

Gan GuangHao laughed and replied: “Newly weds can never get enough of
anything, including food.” That Sister Ge laughed and replied in a light
voice: “Pei! You are so bad! If we were old, then we would be full all
the time?” Her voice was filled with tenderness. The 2 of them walked in
the restaurant and sat down. Gan GuangHao shouted at the top of his
lungs: “Waiter, bring some wine and rice, and then cook us a dish of
beef… eh!”

Duan Yu heard footsteps approaching from behind followed by a huge hand
slapping him on the shoulder and turning him around. Suddenly, he was
staring straight at Gan GuangHao’s face and vice versa. Forcing a smile,
Duan Yu said: “Brother Gan, Sister Gan, congratulations. Wish you 2
would live for a 100 years and grow old together, bringing the East and
West Factions of No Measure Sword together as one.”

Gan GuangHao busted out laughing as he turned around and shot a glance
at Sister Ge. Duan Yu followed his eyesight and saw that Sister Ge had
an egg shaped face with a couple of blemishes on her left cheek. She was
somewhat attractive, but the expression on her face was one of murder as
she lowered her voice and instructed: “Get to the bottom of this, find
out how he got here and are there anybody from No Measure Sword around
here?”

The smile on Gan GuangHao’s face immediately disappeared as he viciously
demanded: “Did you hear what my dear said to you? Well?” Duan Yu
calculated: “If I just make up some stuff, maybe I’ll scare the bejesus
out of them and they’ll runaway without killing me.” So he said: “There
were 4 elder disciples from your sect hurriedly walking by just a bit
earlier with swords in hand. They were heading east, as if they were
chasing someone or something.”

Gan GuangHao was shocked as he turned around to Sister Ge: “Let’s go!”
That Sister Ge stood up and made a chop motion with her right hand. Gan
GuangHao nodded, pulled out his sword, and swung it down towards the
middle of Duan Yu’s head.

This move was so quick that even though Duan Yu, knowing that things
weren’t looking up the moment he saw Sister Ge’s gesture, ducked as soon
as he saw the gesture, he still could not get out of the way. Just as it
looked as if the blade was touching his skin, there suddenly came a
light sound of something flying through the air as Gan GuangHao fell
backwards, dropping the sword onto the ground. Another sound followed
quickly and Sister Ge, who was halfway out of the door when she heard
Gan GuangHao’s groan, did not even have a chance to turn before
collapsing onto the ground. The 2 of them twitched around for a bit on
the ground before becoming motionless. There was a small black arrow
stuck in Gan GuangHao’s throat and that Sister Ge was hit on the back of
her head. As for those 2 light sounds, they were precisely the sound of
the projectiles that the girl in black used last night had made.

In shock and surprise, Duan Yu turned around, but there was nobody
behind him. Then he heard a slight horse neigh outside and saw that girl
slowly approaching on the Black Rose.

Duan Yu shouted before shooting out of the door: “Thank you so much for
saving me!” The girl did not even look at him as she and her horse kept
on trotting along. Duan Yu added: “If you hadn’t shot out those 2
arrows, this head of mine would have been disconnected from my neck a
long time ago.” The girl still did not respond.

The owner of that little restaurant came running out shouting: “Mi…
Mister, some… someone has been killed!” Duan Yu suddenly realized:
“Ai-yo! I haven’t paid!” He was just about to reach for the silver when
he noticed that Black Rose was already several meters away, so he
shouted: “There are some money on the dead people, they were paying
everyone because they just married, just take some!” He turned around
and went chasing after the girl.

Having the horse walking slowly, the girl soon was out of the town. Duan
Yu, trying to keep up, spoke up: “Miss, why don’t you be a good person
all the way to the end, you know: “Send Buddha all the way to the West.”
Why don’t you go save Miss Zhong with me?” The girl replied coldly:
“Zhong Ling is my friend, I was going to go save her anyway. But what I
hate most is people begging me. You are begging me to go save her, so I
won’t!” Duan Yu immediately tried to retract what he said: “Alright,
alright, I won’t beg Miss to.” The girl replied: “But you already begged
me.” Duan Yu replied: “What I just said didn’t count.” The girl rebuked:
“Hmph, a real man can’t go back on his words!”

Duan Yu thought to himself: “Before I always called myself a real man in
front of her, seems like she doesn’t like that. Oh well, to save Miss
Zhong, I guess I can’t be a real man anymore.” So he said: “I’m not a
real man, I… I’m a small, pitiful bug who was saved by Miss.”

The girl let out a peal of laughter and sized him up for a bit before
saying: “Well you are quite nice towards that little devil. Last night
you were willing to give up your life to be a real man, but now you were
willing to be a little bug. Hmph, I’m not going!”

Panicking, Duan Yu asked: “Wh… What’s that for?” The girl replied: “My
master told me that all men in this world are evil, all they do is lie
and not one of them have good intentions in their hearts. So I shouldn’t
listen or trust a single sentence from a man.” Duan Yu replied: “That’s
not always true, like… like….” He couldn’t come up with an example on
the spot, so he just said: “Like Miss’s father, now he must have been a
great man!” The girl rebuked: “My master told me that my father was not
a good man.”

Duan Yu suddenly noticed that she had just urged Black Rose to walk
faster so much so that he was having a difficult time keeping up, so he
shouted: “Miss, please wait up!”

Suddenly there was a flash of shadows and 4 figures jumped out from the
woods on the side of the road, blocking the way. Black Rose immediately
stopped and took 2 steps back. All 4 of them were young girls, their
clothing were all jade green and both of them had a hook-like sword in
each hand. The one in the middle demanded: “You 2 are Gan GuangHao and
Ge GuangPei of No Measure Sword, right?”

Duan Yu replied: “No, not at all. Gan GuangHao and Miss… Mrs. Ge
already… already….” The girl cut him off: “Already? Already what? A pair
of male and female, young, traveling together, you 2 are obviously
running away or eloping. How could you not be those 2 traitors from No
Measure Sword?” With a laugh, Duan Yu replied: “Miss, that seems to be
stretching it a bit don’t you think? Ge GuangPei has some blemishes on
her face, but Miss here is pretty like the flower and the moon. Big, big
difference.” The girl turned to the girl in black and demanded: “Take
off your mask!”

The girl in black suddenly shot out 4 arrows. “Zeng,” “Zeng!” Two of the
girls in green knocked the 2 of the arrows down with the hook-like sabre
they had in hand while the other 2 girls were hit and down onto the
ground. These 4 arrows came out of nowhere, without the slightest of
warning, and were flying at an amazing speed, yet 2 of them still were
knocked out of the air. The girl in black immediately hopped off the
horse. With her sword already pulled out by the time she landed, she
stepped forward with her right foot as soon as her left foot landed and
made 2 moves, attacking the 2 girls who were still standing. The 2 girls
also jumped forth and began attacking, one of them fighting the girl in
black while the other turned her sabre toward Duan Yu.

“Ai-yo!” Duan Yu screamed before scrambling underneath Black Rose’s
belly. Not expecting that he would pull such an unorthodox move, the
girl was taken aback for a split second. Just as she recovered as was
getting ready to stab Duan Yu, a pain suddenly shot up her back and she
collapsed immediately. Turned out that the girl in black caught her with
another arrow in that little opening. But because of this little bit of
distraction caused by shooting out another arrow, the girl in black was
also hit by the hook-like sabre on her left shoulder. With a loud
tearing sound, the hook at the end of the sabre hooked onto her sleeve
and tore off half of the sleeve, revealing a snow-white shoulder. There
was a half-meter long cut on her shoulder, which immediately began
gushing blood.

The girl in black tried to counter with her sword, but the girl in
green’s kung fu was superb and the twin hooked-sabres in her hand were
dancing as her moves were fast and clever. Soon, the girl in black’s
left leg was hit as well, tearing open her trouser leg. The girl in
black countered by launching 2 more arrows, both of which were knocked
down by the hooked-sabres. The girl in green demanded several times:
“Who are you? Your sword techniques aren’t those of No Measure Sword’s,
who are you?” The girl in black did not reply as her moves sped up.
Suddenly she let out a little yelp as her sword was caught in between
hooks of the twin hooked-sabres. The girl in green turned her wrist, the
girl in black could not keep her grip on the sword as she had to let go
and immediately jump back in defense. The girl in green quickly followed
with several thrusts of her hooked-sabres, all of which were dodged by
the girl in black.

Duan Yu had started to panic a long time ago, but he couldn’t do
anything except look on. But now, seeing that the girl in black was in
grave danger, all coherent thought went out of his head as he grabbed a
corpse that was lying on the ground. Grabbing the stomach of the body
with both hands, he turned it into a huge battering ram and charged
toward the girl in green.

Startled, the girl in green suddenly noticed that the thing that was
coming at her was her sister’s head. As a wave of bitter sadness washed
over her, she swung at Duan Yu’s face with the hooked-sabre in her right
hand. But with an entire corpse in between them, the move came up about
1/4 of a meter short. “Bang!” The head of the corpse hit her squarely in
the chest, it was also at that precise moment when a small arrow shot
into her right eye, causing her to collapse onto the ground.

Out of the corner of his eye, Duan Yu saw that the girl was
half-kneeling on her left knee, so he shouted: “Miss, are… are you
alright?” He ran over and tried to help her up. The girl slowly stood up
and was immediately startled because, in a panic, Duan Yu had forgotten
to put down the corpse. So here he was, running at the girl with a head
of a corpse aimed straight at her chest. The girl gave the corpse a push
on its head and, with a shout, Duan Yu fell backwards, the corpse neatly
landing on top of him.

Seeing the peculiar position that Duan Yu was in, the girl could not
help but let out a bit of laugh. Then she began to worry, knowing that
she was in grave danger just a moment ago. If she had not killed 2 of
them using surprise right off and gotten Duan Yu’s help, she probably
couldn’t even defeat one of the girls. Where did these 4 girls come
from? How come their kungfu was so good? She turned to Duan Yu: “Hey,
dummy, what are you doing with a corpse?”

Duan Yu got back up and put down the corpse: “Terrible, just terrible.
Ay! So sorry. You took us for someone else, all you had to do was ask us
politely and all of this would have been cleared up. But you had to talk
all that nonsense, causing Miss here to get mad. Miss, actually you
didn’t really need to kill, wouldn’t it have been better if you just
took your mask off and let them see?”

The girl angrily rebuked: “Shut up! I don’t need to listen to you! Who
told them to call us e… elo… whatever!” Duan Yu replied: “Yes, yes of
course. They were definitely wrong to suggest what they suggested. But
Miss, you didn’t have to kill them. Ah! You… you better wrap your wounds
up a little.” He just caught a glimpse of her snow white thighs because
her pants were ripped, not daring to look at it anymore, he immediately
turned his head the other way.

Getting tired of hearing him telling her she should not have killed, the
girl was just about to slap him again when he suddenly mentioned her
wounds. Immediately she began to feel the pain from her wounds on her
arm and leg, luckily the wounds were not deep and were not to the bone.
So she immediately applied some blood-clotter and bandaged her wounds up
using cloth she tore from the corpse’s clothing. Duan Yu, meanwhile,
moved all the bodies into a pile of hay and said: “I should dig a grave
for you, but I don’t have a hoe or a shovel. Ay! Misses were so young,
although all of you aren’t that pretty, but you weren’t ugly either….”

Hearing him talk about their looks, the girl was reminded of something:
“Hey! How do you know that I don’t have blemishes on my face and is
pretty like a flower or the moon or whatever?” Duan Yu smiled: “Of
course, that goes without saying.” The girl replied: “What do you mean
of course?” Duan Yu replied: “Of course, means that it could only be
like that.” The girl rebuked: “Whatever! You couldn’t even dream of what
I look like, my face is covered with pots and blemishes!” Duan Yu
smiled: “Maybe, maybe not.”

The girl suddenly realized that it could be a problem that her sleeve
and pants were ripped. So she took a robe off of one of the bodies and
put it on. “Ai-yo!” Duan Yu shouted as he suddenly remembered the huge
holes he had on the back of his pants. How could he be travelling with a
girl with a bare butt? He immediately begin walking backwards; making
sure he didn’t turn his butt towards the girl in black, he also took a
robe off of a body and put it on. The girl let out a peal of laughter.
Duan Yu blushed so much that even the base of his ear was red thinking
about the hole that was on his pants and what that meant.

The girl pulled out her arrows out from the bodies and placed them back
inside her shirt, and then added a couple of kicks onto the body of that
girl that injured her.

Duan Yu suggested: “Miss, your arrows seal up the victim’s throats as
soon as the poison enters the blood. Such powerful and devious poison. I
urge Miss not to use it ever again unless you have no other choice. To
kill is against the way of heaven, if….” The girl cut him off: “If you
talk anymore nonsense, I’ll give you a taste of this poison.” With a
flick of her right arm and a sound of arrow piercing the air, a poison
arrow flew past barely past Duan Yu and stuck into the ground.

His face white as a sheet, Duan Yu dared not say a thing. The girl
continued: “Let’s see if you can still talk nonsense after the poison
sealed up your throat!” She reached for another arrow and flicked her
arm again. Duan Yu was scared out of his wits and docked.

With a little laugh, the girl put the arrow back into her shirt and gave
him a mean looking stare: “You look like a girl with this robe on. Put
the hood up. That way if we run into anyone else, they wouldn’t say we
are el… that are a man and a woman.” Duan Yu nodded, took the bandana
off his head, placed it inside his shirt, put up the hood, and pulled it
down over most of his face. The girl let out a hearty laugh at the
sight.

Hearing her sweet and innocent laugh, Duan Yu mused: “From her actions
and expressions, you would figure that she’s younger than me. Then why
is she so cruel and murderous?” He looked up and saw that on the front
of her robe was sewn a black vulture. The vulture had its head help up
high, looking very proud and powerful, the exact same vulture was on his
robe as well. He shook his head and sighed: “Girls actually having this
on their robes rather than flowers or butterflies. Ay! Such demeanors.”

The girl shot him a look: “Are you mocking me!” Duan Yu immediately
replied: “No, no, not at all, I wouldn’t dare!” The girl probed further:
“So what’s your answer? ‘No’ or ‘Wouldn’t dare’?” Duan Yu replied: “I
wouldn’t dare.” The girl nodded and did not ask any further.

Duan Yu turned around and asked her: “Are you hurt bad? Do you want to
rest a bit?” The girl angrily replied: “Of course it hurts! Let me take
a couple of swipes on you and you can see for yourself!” Duan Yu thought
to himself: “Well, epitome of bitchness.” The girl continued: “Are you
really worried that my wounds are hurting? There isn’t a man in the
world that’s this nice. You just want me to go save Zhong Ling as
quickly as possible, just that you can’t say it out loud. Heh, let’s
go!” She walked to Black Rose’s side and hopped on. Pointing northwest,
she asked: “Sword Lake Palace of No Measure Mountain is in that
direction right?” Duan Yu replied: “I guess, seems like it.”

The 2 of them started to slowly walk in that direction. After a while,
the girl suddenly asked: “Who’s birthdate was that inside of the golden
box?” Duan Yu thought: “So you have opened it up already.” “I don’t
know,” he replied. “It’s Zhong Ling’s,” the girl said. “Isn’t it?” Duan
Yu answered: “I really don’t know.” The girl angrily demanded: “You are
still lying. Madame Zhong has already matched Zhong Ling to you hasn’t
she? Tell me the truth!” Duan Yu, in a panic, replied: “No, she really
hasn’t. If I, Duan Yu, am lying, then I will die by your arrows this
instant.”

“So your name is Duan Yu?” Duan Yu replied: “Yeah, ‘Yu’ as in ‘ming yu’,
famed name.” The girl snorted: “Hmph, is your fame any good? I don’t
think so.” Duan Yu replied with a laugh: “Well the ‘ming yu ting huai’,
name is terrible, is this one also.” The girl replied: “That’s more like
it!” Duan Yu naturally asked: “So what is Miss’s surname?” The girl
rebuked: “Why should I tell you? You told me your name on your own, I
didn’t ask you.”

After another long stretch of silent walking, the girl spoke up again:
“Later on after we saved Zhong Ling, that little devil will surely tell
me my name, you are not allowed to hear it!” Trying hard not to burst
out laughing, Duan Yu replied: “Alright, I won’t hear it.” The girl
seemed to have felt that this matter was a bit hard to accomplish, so
she added: “Even if you did hear it, you are not allowed to remember
it!” Duan Yu offered: “Alright, even if I do happen to remember, I would
try my hardest to forget it.” The girl rebuked: “Pei! You are lying,
think I can’t tell?”

Through all this talking, the sky slowly turned dark and soon the moon
rose from the east. The 2 of them hurried along the path under the
moonlight. Around 10, Duan Yu suddenly saw a bonfire in the mountainside
facing them, at the base of the peak just north of the bonfire was
several large buildings. Recognizing that’s the Sword Lake Palace, Duan
Yu pointed at the bonfire and said: “Divine Farmer Clan is right over
there. Let’s sneak up on them, grab Zhong Ling and run. How about that?”

Coldly, the girl asked: “And how exactly do we run away?” Duan Yu
replied: “You and Zhong Ling would ride on Black Rose, there’s no way
that Divine Farmer Clan can catch up to you.” The girl asked: “Then what
about you?” Duan Yu replied: “I was forced to take the Intestine
Fragmenter by the Divine Farmer Clan, SiKong Xuan told me that after 7
days the poison would break out and I would die. So I have to somehow
get the cure first before I can run away.”

The girl observed: “So you were poisoned by them. Then you should be in
a hurry to get the cure, why did you come back to deliver me a message?”
Duan Yu replied: “I figured that with Black Rose’s speed, reporting that
message wouldn’t take much time at all.” The girl was puzzled: “Are you
really that nice? Or are you just an idiot?” Duan Yu laughed: “Mostly
likely half and half.”

The girl humphed at that remark and asked: “So how are you going to get
the cure?” Duan Yu thought out loud: “The original agreement was the
cure of Lightning’s poison for the cure for the Intestine Fragmenter.
They are not going to get the cure to Lightning’s poison, so it would be
very difficult to trick them into giving me the cure for the Intestine
Fragmenter. Miss, do you have any ideas?” The girl rebuked: “Only men
knows how to trick people, I don’t know how to. I’m going to just ask
them straightforward to hand over Zhong Ling and the cure or else!”

A wave of coldness shot through Duan Yu’s heart, knowing that she’s
probably going to start killing big time again, he thought: “It’s best
if… best if….” But exactly was the best outcome, he had no idea at all.

The 2 of them began walking towards the fire. When they got to about 20
meters away from it, 2 men suddenly jumped out of the darkness with a
bag of drugs in hand, ready to throw. One of them demanded: “Who is it?
What are you doing here?”

The girl demanded in return: “Where’s SiKong Xuan? Tell him to come
here!”

In the moonlight, the 2 men noticed that the girl and Duan Yu were both
wearing a green robe with a black vulture on their chest. The 2 of them
were shocked and immediately kneeled down: “Yes, yes of course! We did
not know that Holy Emissaries from the Nimble Vulture Palace would be
arriving, so… so sorry for getting in your way, please forgive us.” His
voice was shaking, as if he was scared to death.

Duan Yu was immensely puzzled: “What emissary from Nimble Vulture Peak?”
Then he suddenly understood: “Oh! That’s right! They are thinking we are
somebody else because we have this green robe on!” Then he remembered
that several days ago back in the Sword Lake Palace Zhong Ling said that
she overheard SiKong Xuan talking with his underlings, saying something
about following orders from Kid Elder of Heaven Mountain of Nimble
Vulture Palace to come and take over Sword Lake Palace of No Measure
Mountain. “So it turns out that Divine Farmer Clan is a subsidiary of
Nimble Vulture Palace, no wonder these 2 men are so scared.”

Of course, the girl did not understand what’s going on, so she asked:
“What Nim….” Afraid that she might expose the 2 of them, Duan Yu raised
the pitch of his voice and said: “Get SiKong Xuan here now!” The 2 men
replied: “Yes, yes, right away!” They immediately stood up and took a
couple of steps backwards before finally turning around and starting to
run toward the fire.

Duan Yu whispered to the girl: “Nimble Vulture Palace are their
superiors.” He put up the face mask of the hood and covered the bottom
half of his face, leaving only his eyes visible.

The girl was about to ask something else but was cut off because SiKong
Xuan had hurried arrived and said out loud: “Your humble servant SiKong
Xuan welcome the Holy Emissaries. Please forgive us for not welcoming
you earlier. How is the Kid Elder? May she live for 10,000 years!”

Duan Yu was thinking to himself: “Who’s Kid Elder? She isn’t the king or
the mother of the king, so wishing her to live 10,000 years just doesn’t
seem right does it?” So he just nodded and replied: “Get up.” SiKong
Xuan kowtowed twice more before standing back up. By this time there was
a huge crowd of people behind him, all of them in the Divine Farmer
Clan.

{Note: in ancient China, it was custom to bless the Emperor and only the
Emperor with a 10,000 year life-span and any other member of the royal
family with a 1000 year life-span. To wish that upon anyone other than
royalty or to wish a different life-span to royalty was almost treason.}

Duan Yu spoke up: “Where’s that girl from the Zhong family? Bring her
here!” Two clan members didn’t even wait for their master to issue the
orders before dashing towards the fire and carrying Zhong Ling over.
Duan Yu ordered: “Untie her.” SiKong Xuan answered: “Yes, Miss.” He
pulled out a dagger and cut loose the rope around Zhong Ling’s hands and
legs. Seeing her still doing very well and unharmed, Duan Yu could
barely contain himself as he had to force himself to maintain the high
pitch of his voice when he said: “Zhong Ling, come here.” Zhong Ling
replied: “Who are you?” SiKong Xuan shouted at her: “How dare you be so
rude in front of the Holy Emissaries? She told you to go over there!”
Zhong Ling figured: “Who cares who the hell you are, you told him to
untie me and this old Goat Beard is so scared of you, so there shouldn’t
be much harm in doing what you told me.” So she walked over to Duan Yu.

Duan Yu reached out with her left hand, took her hand into his, and
pulled her over to his side. He squeezed her hand and made a gesture to
her, but figuring that she probably wouldn’t understand, he turned to
SiKong Xuan: “Hand over the cure for Intestine Fragmenter!”

SiKong Xuan wasn’t quite sure what was going on, but he still ordered:
“Bring my medicine box! Hurry, hurry!” With a little pause, he
immediately understood: “Ai-yo! That bastard named Duan must have gone
and begged these emissaries, that’s why they are asking for the cure.”
When the medicine box arrived, he opened it up and took out a small
bottle. Holding it up respectfully, he said: “This medicine needs to be
taken for 3 straight days, once each day, and about a gram or so each
time.” Happy beyond words, Duan Yu took it.

Zhong Ling suddenly spoke up: “Hey, Goat Beard, got any of the medicine
left? Remember that you promised Big Brother Duan to cure him? If you
give all you got to them, what would happen if my Big Brother Duan comes
with my dad?”

The girl in black couldn’t stand this any longer and commanded: “Zhong
Ling, be quiet! Your Big Brother Duan will be just fine!” Finding her
voice very familiar, Zhong Ling turned towards her. When Zhong Ling laid
her eyes on her mask, she immediately recognized her and uttered: “Ah,
Mu….” But she realized soon enough that something was going on and put
her hand over her mouth in time.

SiKong Xuan was quite worried as well as he kneeled and said: “Holy
Emissaries, your servant had been bitten by this little girl’s poisonous
marten, please show some mercy.” Duan Yu figured that if he did not
somehow cure him then they would have a fight to the death on their
hands. So he turned to the girl in black and said: “Sister, why don’t
you give him some of Kid Elder’s Cure-All Elixir?” Hearing that there
was a Cure-All Elixir here, SiKong Xuan could not believe his ears as he
kowtowed loudly several times all the while saying: “Your humble servant
will be forever grateful for the mercy and benevolence of the Kid Elder
and the Holy Emissaries. There are a total of 19 of us that has been
bitten.”

The girl thought: “What is he talking about? ‘Cure-All Elixir’? But
since I’m wounded on my leg and arm, it would be quite troublesome to
protect 2 people now. So I guess I’ll just go along with this Duan guy
and play this Goat Beard for a bit.” So she reached into her shirt and
took out a small bottle: “Put your hand out.” SiKong Xuan obeyed and
lowered his head as well, not daring to look at the emissary directly.
The girl poured a little bit of some green powder in his hand and
instructed: “Take some orally and everything should be alright then.”
All the while she was thinking: “This fragrance powder of mine didn’t
come easily, can’t let you get too much of that.”

As soon as she opened the bottle, SiKong Xuan could smell a delicious
and refreshing fragrance. He had spent his entire life around medicine
and herbs, yet he could not make out what the powder was made of. By the
time the powder was poured onto his hand, the smell had made him feel
all warm and fuzzy all over. Figuring the Kid Elder must be amazing as
this powder was, as expected, almost magical in its effects, he thanked
them repeatedly, but with the powder in his hand, he could not kowtow.

Seeing that everything had been accomplished without a hitch, Duan Yu
said: “Sister, let’s go!” Lost in the moment, he actually forgot to mask
his voice, but luckily SiKong Xuan and his underlings did not notice.

SiKong Xuan reported: “Holy Emissaries, Zuo ZiMuo of No Measure Mountain
actually dared to refuse our threats. Because of your servant’s wound
and loss of arm, this matter was not resolved quickly and I am ashamed.
I will order my men to attack right now and we will take over Sword Lake
Palace. I humbly request that the Holy Emissaries to stay and observe
the battle.”

Duan Yu replied: “No need. I think there really isn’t any need to attack
this Sword Lake Palace anymore either, why don’t you guys go home?”

SiKong Xuan was shocked, because he knew the Kid Elder’s temperament
very well. The nicer the emissaries she sent are, the worse the
punishment as the emissary would almost always talk sarcastically
opposite of what they mean. Figuring that the emissary must be
criticizing him for failing to accomplish his mission, he panicked: “I
realize my fault, I realize my mistake, please forgive me! Could the
Holy Emissary please say a couple of good things on my behalf to the Kid
Elder? I beg of you!”

Afraid to say anything more, Duan Yu just waved his hand somewhat and,
dragging Zhong Ling with him, began to walk away. SiKong Xuan kept on
his knees and spoke loudly: “The Divine Farmer Clan is honored to send
the Holy Emissaries on their way. May the Kid Elder live forever!” The
clan members behind him repeated altogether: “The Divine Farmer Clan is
honored to send the Holy Emissaries on their way. May the Kid Elder live
forever!” Already several meters away, Duan Yu thought the sight of all
these men on their knees together were quite humorous and shouted back:
“May Mr. SiKong Xuan live forever as well!”

To SiKong Xuan, that sentence was filled with sarcasm and he almost
fainted from the shock. The 2 men behind him noticed that their leader
was shaking and immediately jumped up to support him fearing that he
might drop some of the “Cure-All Elixir” in his hands.

Duan Yu and the 2 girls walked for several dozen meters until they
couldn’t hear the Divine Farmer Clan anymore. Zhong Ling whistled
repeatedly trying to get her marten back but to no avail. So she turned
to the girl in black: “Sister Mu, thank you and this other sister so
much, but I have to stay here.”

The girl asked: “What for? Waiting for that poisonous marten of yours?”
Zhong Ling replied: “No, I’m waiting for my Big Brother Duan, he went to
get my father here to cure those poisoned guys in the Divine Farmer
Clan.” Turning to Duan Yu, she said: “Sister, can you give me some of
the cure for Intestine Fragmenter?” The girl interrupted: “That Duan guy
won’t be coming around here again.” In a panic, Zhong Ling replied: “No
way, that can’t be. He said he would! Even if my father won’t come, Big
Brother Duan would still come back!” The girl retorted: “Hmph! Men only
know how to lie, you shouldn’t believe anything he said.” Zhong Ling
began to sniff a little: “Big Brother Duan would nev… never lie to me.”

Duan Yu couldn’t control himself any longer and, with a laugh, took off
his mask: “Miss Zhong, your Big Brother Duan really didn’t lie to you.”

Zhong Ling stared at him, rendered utterly speechless, for a long time
before finally becoming overwhelmed with joy and jumped onto him with
her arms around his neck while screaming: “You didn’t lie to me, I knew
you wouldn’t!”

The girl suddenly grabbed her by the back of her collar, pulled her
aside, and coldly commented: “Don’t do that!” Zhong Ling was quite
surprised by that, but being as happy as she was, she didn’t care. So
she asked: “Sister Mu, how did you 2 meet?” The girl just humphed and
didn’t respond.

Worried about SiKong Xuan come chasing up after finding how ineffective
the powder was, Duan Yu spoke up: “Why don’t we get going? We can talk
about on the way.” The girl in black climbed onto her horse and was out
in front while Duan Yu briefly told Zhong Ling what had happened,
judiciously leaving out the part about how the girl tortured him and
only saying that she saved his life. After listening to the whole story,
Zhong Ling yelled out to the girl: “Sister Mu, thank you so much for
saving Big Brother Duan, I don’t know if I can ever pay you back for
that.” A bit peeved, the girl rebuked: “I saved him by my own accord,
what does it have to do with you?” Zhong Ling stuck her tongue out at
Duan Yu and made a face at that remark.

The girl continued: “Hey, Duan Yu, I know that little devil Zhong Ling
is going to tell you my name, so I’m going to tell you now. My name is
Mu WanQing.” Duan Yu replied: “Ah, ‘Firewood is pure and flowery, pity
to the pure willows.’ (Huo Mu Qing Hua, Wan Xi Qing Yang) Such a good
name and surname.” Mu WanQing replied: “Better than your ‘one piece of
wood, terrible fame (Yi Duan Mu Tou, Ming Yu Ji Huai).'” Duan Yu burst
out laughing at that comment.

{Duan Yu quoted a piece of poetry that I’m not too sure about the
meaning of, so I just kind of went with the literal meanings of the
word, sorry if it is off. If you know what it really means, please
e-mail me. Thanks.}

Zhong Ling grabbed Duan Yu’s left hand and gently said: “Big Brother
Duan, you are so good to me.” Duan Yu replied: “Only thing is that it’s
a shame that you can’t find your marten.” Zhong Ling whistled a couple
of more times before replying: “No big deal really, after those bad guys
leave, I’ll come back here and look for him. Will you come and keep me
company?” Duan Yu nodded and replied: “Of course!” Thinking about that
jade statue in that cave, he added: “From now on I would come back here
from time to time.” Furious, Mu WanQing cut in: “I don’t permit you to
come back. If she want to look for her marten, then let her come
herself.” Duan Yu stuck his tongue out at Zhong Ling and made a face.
The 2 of them looked at each other and smiled.

.

The 3 of them did not talk for a long while and just walked. After
several kilometers, Mu WanQing suddenly asked: “Zhong Ling, is your
birthday the 5th of February?” She was still facing forward on her
horse, not even turning around. Zhong Ling answered: “Yes it is! Sister
Mu, how did you know?” Becoming furious, Mu WanQing shouted: “Still
claiming that you aren’t lying Duan Yu?” With a jerk of the reins, she
and Black Rose began to gallop away.

Suddenly, there came a low and faint whistle from the northwest that was
followed by 4 claps from the northeast corner. A row of silhouettes came
flying this way from directly in front of them and stopped about 50 or
so meters away from the 3 of them. A slight paused followed before a
hoarse voice shouted: “Little Whore! Where do you think you are running
off to?” The voice belonged to none other than Grandma Rui. Before they
could respond, someone started to snicker from behind them. Duan Yu
whipped his head around in panic and saw the faint figure of Grandma
Ping standing there with the daggers in her hands were almost glowing
under the moonlight. There was a man to the left and right of her. The
man to her left had a face of white beard and a huge shovel in his hand
while the man to her right was a relatively young man that carried a
sword. Duan Yu sort of remembered seeing these 2 men among those who
were present in the hall where he first met Mu WanQing.

Mu WanQing sneered: “You ghosts still haven’t disappeared yet? Quite an
accomplishment for you guys, chasing me all the way here.” Grandma Ping
replied: “We’ll chase you to the end of the world if we have to, you
Little Whore!” A small sound came from Mu WanQing as she shot out a
small arrow. The swordsman’s eye-sight and coordination turned out to be
excellent as he knocked the arrow down with his sword. Before anyone
else could react, Mu WanQing had launched herself off of her horse and
was flying towards the white-bearded old man.

For a man as old as him, his reaction was incredibly fast. With a flick
of his right hand, he swung the shovel at Mu WanQing. Still off the
ground, Mu WanQing pushed off the face of the shovel with her left foot
and flew back towards Grandma Ping. Grandma Ping held up her dagger to
block the strike. “Zeng!” The blade of her dagger had been sliced off by
the sword, creating a bright flash in the darkness. Grandma Rui
immediately attacked Mu WanQing’s back in hopes of rescuing Grandma
Ping. Not in a hurry to kill Grandma Ping just yet, Mu WanQing rotated
her sword sideways, pushed off of Grandma Ping’s shoulder with the flat
side of the sword, and gently flew off like a feather. Had it not for
Grandma Rui’s intervention, she would not have rotated the sword and
Grandma Ping would have been sliced in two.

That entire exchange, with all the sudden changes and reverses, took
only a couple of seconds. Even though she had just barely escaped death,
Grandma Ping was not the least bit scared as she immediately swung her
dagger at Mu WanQing 3 more times, making Mu WanQing dodge and lose the
initiative. At the same time, Grandma Rui and 2 other men charged up and
attacked as well. The sword in Mu WanQing’s hand flashed repeatedly as
she weaved her way among those 4 attackers. Standing several meters away
was Zhong Ling, waving at Duan Yu incessantly: “Big Brother Duan, come
here!” Duan Yu asked after he made his way over: “What?” Zhong Ling
suggested: “Let’s get out of here!” Duan Yu replied: “They are ganging
up on Miss Mu, how could we leave just like that?” Zhong Ling replied:
“Sister Mu’s kungfu is really very good, she could get out of this by
herself with no problem at all.” Duan Yu shook his head: “She came here
to save your life, how could you just leave her like this?” Zhong Ling
stumped her foot and replied: “You idiot! Like you can help her out by
staying here! Ay! If only Lightning is here!”

At this time, Mu WanQing was fending off the 4 attackers with all her
might. Because Grandma Rui’s iron staff and the old man’s iron shovel
were very noisy because of their length, Mu WanQing was paying very
close attention to all the sounds around her and heard this entire
exchange between Zhong Ling and Duan Yu.

Duan Yu continued: “Miss Zhong, why don’t you leave first? I can’t bear
to wrong Miss Mu in any way. In the unlikely event that she’s
overwhelmed, I could try and talk us out it.” Zhong Ling replied: “Other
than just giving that life of yours away, you really aren’t good for
anything here. Go! Sister Mu won’t be angry at your for it.” Duan Yu
replied: “If Miss Mu hadn’t saved me, I would have died a long time ago.
There’s really not much difference in dying half a day earlier or
later.” Frustrated, Zhong Ling grabbed his arm and started to walk away:
“You idiot! I can’t win arguing with you like this!”

Duan Yu shouted: “I don’t want to leave! I don’t want to leave!” But he
wasn’t strong enough and was being dragged away.

Mu WanQing suddenly shouted: “Zhong Ling, you get yourself out of here!
Leave him here!” Zhong Ling began to pull him even harder. “Shoo!” A
small arrow suddenly shot into Zhong Ling’s hair and got stuck into one
of the hair buns in her hair. Mu WanQing threatened: “If you don’t let
go, the next one is going straight for your eye!” Zhong Ling knew that
she was the type that would go through with whatever she says; and
although the 2 of them had been good friends, they still haven’t been
together long enough to establish any real deep friendship. So she let
go, knowing that she was really about to shoot at her eye.

Mu WanQing commanded further: “Zhong Ling, go to your parent’s place
now! Go! If you wait for your Big Brother Duan at all, then I’m going to
shoot 3 more arrows at you!” She parried away several more attacks as
she said this.

Not daring to disobey her, Zhong Ling turned to Duan Yu: “Big Brother
Duan, please be careful!” She then covered her face, turned, and
disappeared into darkness.

After ordering Zhong Ling away, Mu WanQing went back to concentrating on
fending off the attackers. Feeling a faint pain on her leg where she had
been hooked, she suddenly changed her fighting style. This time the
sword flashed through the darkness over and over again like a meteor
shower, ever-changing and unpredictable. Suddenly, the old man screamed
in pain for he had been hit in his chest. Mu WanQing followed that with
3 more thrusts, forcing Grandma Rui and that swordsman to jump out of
the fighting circle. Then, spinning the blade of her sword around, she
turned towards Grandma Ping. In a blink of an eye, Grandma Ping had
already been hit 3 times. Ignoring the wounds, Grandma Ping continued to
attack like a wild tiger. By now, the other 3 attackers had rejoined the
fight. Grandma Ping rolled to a stop at Mu WanQing’s foot and swung at
her calf with the dagger in her right hand. Mu WanQing gave her a nice
kick, sending her rolling off. At this precise moment, Grandma Rui’s
iron staff came flying in towards her forehead. Mu WanQing hurriedly
brought her sword back, parried the staff away, and moved right into a
thrust towards the center of her foes.

Grandma Rui turned her body sideways and brought her staff back to
protect herself. Mu WanQing let out a little sigh of relief and was just
about start another attack when a huge amount of pain shot through her.
Turned out that the old man, unable to lift his shovel after being
injured, pulled out an iron spike, charged in, and was able to stab it
into her shoulder. Mu WanQing smacked him over her shoulders and pretty
much flattened his entire face, killing him in an instant. But Grandma
Rui had charged forth and began attacking again. Grandma Ping screamed:
“The Little Whore is hurt, don’t worry about catching her life, just
kill her!”

Seeing that Mu WanQing was wounded, Duan Yu began to panic. So he, as he
did last time, wanted to run over and grabbed the old man’s corpse. But
with the 4 fighters in the way, he could not reach the corpse. In
desperation, he ripped off the robe he had on and, wildly waving it,
charged into the melee and was able to cover up Grandma Ping’s head.
Shocked that she suddenly lost her sight, she immediately reached with
her hand and tried to tear the cloth away. However, in a panic, she had
forgot that she was holding a dagger and was cut face, causing her to
squeal like a pig. Unable to find enough time to pull out the spike
that’s imbedded in her left shoulder, Mu WanQing, fighting off the pain
as much as she could, hurriedly swung at Grandma Rui twice, then turned
and thrusted at the swordsman. These 3 moves were incredible as Grandma
Rui’s right cheek had been slashed as was the swordsman’s forehead.
Although the wounds were harmless, the parts that were hit were vital.
And so, in shock, both of them jumped back and felt their wounds with
their hands to check on it.

Mu WanQing cursed to herself: “Damn it! Should have killed them!” She
took a deep breath and whistled. Black Rose arrived almost
instantaneously. She hopped onto the saddle, grabbed Duan Yu by his
collar, and lifted him up as well. Black Rose began to gallop west as
fast as she could.

They hadn’t even gone 100 meters when there suddenly came a huge amount
of shouting behind the woods as several men came charging out, blocking
their way. The tall man in the middle yelled: “Little Whore! Your old
man here’s been waiting for you for a long time now!” He reached up in
an attempt to grab a hold of Black Rose’s manes. Mu WanQing slightly
flicked her right hand and 3 arrows shot out, hitting 3 men in the
crowd. Taking advantage of the old man’s momentary surprise, she pulled
on the reins and Black Rose leapt over the head of the men. The men came
chasing after her, but, fearing her poisonous arrows, they held their
weapons out in front of them and kept getting further and further back.
But they were still cursing like crazy: “Whore! She ran away again!” “No
matter where you ran off to, we’ll still find you and gut you!” “Come on
everyone! After her!”

Mu WanQing let Black Rose to run as she pleased through the mountain and
arrived hill lock. Seeing that there was a cliff in front of her, she
had no choice but to stop to try and find another way. No Measure
Mountain’s paths twists and weaves their way up and down the mountain,
making it very difficult to navigate through them.

Suddenly, there came shouting from ahead: “That horse is coming back
around!” “This way!” “The Little Whore is back!” Because of her wound,
Mu WanQing was in no condition to fight. So she immediately stopped
Black Rose and began to run to the right. This time she no longer had
time to pick a path and Black Rose was running through the wilderness.
Luckily, Black Rose was amazingly strong and agile and was able to
traverse through the rocky hillside with no problem whatsoever. After
galloping for a long time, Black Rose suddenly mis-stepped with her
front legs and bumped her right-front knee on a rock, causing her to
limp and slow down.

Worried, Duan Yu suggested: “Miss Mu, let me off. That way you can get
away easier and faster with just you riding. They have no enmities or
quarrels with me, so it wouldn’t be much of a problem if they caught
me.” Mu WanQing replied: “Hmph! What do you know? You are from DaLi,
they would kill you as soon as they catch you.” Duan Yu replied: “That’s
strange, are they planning to kill everyone in DaLi? Miss, please listen
to me and escape by yourself.”

With her left shoulder just throbbing in pain, Mu WanQing had no
patience to listen to Duan Yu ramble. So she shouted: “Shut up! Don’t
say another word!” Duan Yu replied: “Alright, then could you let me sit
behind you instead?” Mu WanQing asked: “Why?” Duan Yu replied: “I left
my robe over that fat grandma’s head.” Mu WanQing wondered: “So?” Duan
Yu answered: “There’s several holes on the back of my pants, sitting in
front of miss with this bare… bare… towards miss… hehe. That’s… just too
inappropriate.”

Barely able to bear the pain on her shoulder, Mu WanQing grabbed his
shoulders and, gritting her teeth, squeezed so hard that his bones were
cracking and commanded: “Shut up!” Unable to handle the pain, Duan Yu
immediately complied: “Alright, alright, I’ll shut up.”