# Chapter 32 – Carefree for Now with No One Supervising

(Nobody Can Control My Carefree Self)

When Xu Zhu step out of the wooden house he cannot help but be startled, there is a huge fire pillar on the ground, numerous pine tree had collapsed and scattered disorderly over the area. He did not stay in the wooden house for long but the outside situation changed drastically, he assume these pine trees must have been knock down by someone while he fainted and he did not hear them while he was in the house.

Outside the house, the flaming pillar separated two groups of people. The Deaf Mute Old Man Su XingHe is standing on the right-hand side, XuanNan and the rest of Shaolin monks, Kang GuangLing, Xue MuHua, etc, all of them standing behind Su XingHe. The Old Freak of XingXiu is standing on the left-hand side, iron-head man You TanZhi and the rest of XingXiu disciples are standing behind Ding ChunQiu. Murong Fu, Wang YuYan, Duan Yu, Jiumozhi, Duan YanQing, Crocodile Deity of Southern Sea, etc, all of them standing at a distant place, they did not help either side.

Su XingHe and Ding ChunQiu, both of them are waving their palms and pushing the column of fire towards each other. The column of fire is leaning to the right, evidently Ding ChunQiu already gained a huge lead.

Everyone squinted and look at the burning pillar, none of them paid any attention to Xu Zhu who just came out of the house. Naturally, Wang YuYan is only worried about Murong Fu and Duan Yu is only worried about Wang YuYan, both of them are not looking at the fire pillar and they also paid no attention to Xu Zhu.

Xu Zhu move past their backs and went to the right-hand side and stood beside his martial uncle HuiFang, he saw the column of fire moving closer and closer to the right, Su XingHe’s clothes seems to be inflated with air, its as if his only a boat and sailing rapidly against the wind, both his palms push forward continuously.

However, Ding ChunQiu’s expression remain cheerful, as if nothing had happened, he wave his sleeves lightly, seemingly indifferent. His disciples praise out loudly:

“Divine Elder of XingXiu lifting heavy weights as if its feather, his divine skills unrivalled, he let you all broaden you horizon today.”

“My Master is trying to give lessons to bystander, thus he slowly display his divine skills, else he would had exterminate this old man Su with a single palm.”

“Who is not convinced, come forward and have a taste of Divine Elder of XingXiu’s divine skills.”

“All of you are timid and cowardly, there is no harm even if you join up and act together!”

“Since ancient times, no one can match Divine Elder of XingXiu! You are a mantis blocking a cart, courting disaster and digging your own grave.”

Jiumozhi, Murong Fu, Duan YanQing, all of them thought: “If the few of us here join hands and attack Ding ChunQiu together, even though Ding ChunQiu is powerful, he still can’t resist the combined assault of numerous top experts.” But firstly, everyone valued their status and dignity, they will never join hands and gang up against a single person, secondly, the battle between Deaf Mute Old Man and Old Freak of XingXiu is an internal affair, its not convenient for outsiders to interfere, thirdly, they are suspicious of each other, they are afraid of getting back-stabbed and taken advantaged of if they join up together and attack, hence even though the disciples of XingXiu praise their Master up till heaven, Juimozhi and the rest only smiled and ignored them.

Suddenly the column of fire move forward and spit fire, it landed on Su XingHe, there is a burning stench, Su XingHe’s beard was completely burnt off. Su XingHe exerted himself and tried to resist, he manage to push back the column of fire but the flame is only 2 chi away from his body, the flame lengthen and rattled, its like a large python opening its mouth and sticking out it tongue, trying to bite him. Xu Zhu is secretly alarmed: “I am afraid Benefactor Su is about to be burnt alive by Benefactor Ding, what should i do?”

Suddenly there are drum noises, followed immediately by two thumping sound, the gongs and drums rang out, it seems the XingXiu disciples concealed their cymbals, gongs and drums in their bosom, they took out these instruments and started playing songs to praise their Master awe-inspiring authority, some of them wave green, yellow, red and purple flags, they shouted loudly and rallied. Currently, two martial art experts are competing internal energy, unexpectedly there are bystanders cheering on with gongs and drums, such a weird event has never been seen before. Juimozhi burst into loud laughter and said: “Old Freak of XingXiu really have thick skin, his really one of kind since ancient times!”

Amidst the gongs and drums, a XingXiu disciple took out a sheet of paper, he recited loudly, its a parallel prose titled: “Praising Divine Elder of XingXiu Displaying His Might In Central Plains”. Nobody knows how he found some rotten scholar to compose such praises, the contents are really flattering to the extreme, the song and praises mix in with the noises from the gongs and drums.

But these songs and praises are not completely useless, along with the internal energy of Old Freak of XingXiu, its like adding fuel to fire and aided his power. Amidst the songs and praises the column of fire intensified and move forward another half chi.

Suddenly there are numerous footsteps, 20 over men rush out from behind the house and they block in front of Su XingHe, these deaf and mute men are the ones that carried XuanNan and the rest up the mountain, they are the disciples of Su XingHe. Ding ChunQiu press on with his palm, the column of fire landed on the bodies of these 20 men, at once there is ‘Chi Chi’ sound, these men had their skin and flesh charred. Su XingHe wanted to wave his palm to push these men away but they are too far away from him and he did not have sufficient palm strength. These 20 men stood upright, their bodies are burning but they never move at all, but because they can’t speak the scene is even more tragic and moving.

When the rest of the spectators saw it they were emotionally moved, even Wang YuYan and Duan Yuan cannot help but turn their head and look at them. The fire is raging and it wrapped around these 20 deaf and mute men. Duan Yu shouted: “You cannot be so cruel!” he extended his right hand, his about to execute his [Six Meridians Divine Sword] to attack Ding ChunQiu, however he don’t know the proper method to channel the sword, his abundant internal energy just move around in circles inside his body and he can’t fire it out from his finger. Duan Yu perspired profusely, he shouted: “Young master Murong, quickly stop him!”

Murong Fu said: “Brother Duan you are here, little brother don’t dare to display his lowly skills in front of an expert. Brother Duan, please display a move from you [Six Meridians Divine Sword]!”

Duan YanQing arrive late for the chess meet, he did not see Duan Yu’s [Six Meridians Divine Sword] when he use it to save Murong Fu, when he heard the words from Murong Fu he cannot help but feel excited, his look askance at Duan Yu, trying to see if Duan Yu really knows this divine skill, but he saw Duan Yu pointing and drawing with his right-hand finger, the stance is correct and reasonable but there is absolutely no internal energy at all, he pondered: “What [Six Meridians Divine Sword], it gave me a huge shock. It seems this young chap is only bluffing and swindling people. Although according to legend, my Duan family have this [Six Meridians Divine Sword] skill, but who succeeded in learning it?”

Murong Fu saw Duan Yu did not attack, he knew it was intentional and he just stood aside and quietly observe the situation.

After a while, more than half of the 20 deaf and mute men got roasted to death by the column of fire, the rest are seriously injured, they collapse one after another. Amidst the noise from gongs and drums, Ding ChunQiu wave his sleeve twice, the column of fire flew and rush towards Su XingHe.

Xue MuHua shouted: “Don’t you dare harm my Master!” he threw his body in front of the column of fire. Su XingHe wave his palm and push him away, he said: “Its not beneficial for my disciple to die!” he gathered his remaining internal energy into his left hand and strike towards the column of fire. Currently, his internal energy is nearly exhausted, that palm strike from him only manage to obstruct the column of fire for a short while, he felt his entire body burning, he saw red everywhere, his completely engulf in flame. At this moment, his internal energy is on the verge of drying up, like a lantern extinguishing when it runs out of oil, he knew that when he die Ding ChunQiu will definitely rush into the wooden house, his Master fake death for 30 years but he still can’t run from Ding ChunQiu’s evil hands. His being roasted by the column of fire on his body, he felt great sadness.

Xu Zhu saw Su XingHe is in extremely critical condition, but Su XingHe still stood rooted to the ground and refuse to retreat a single step. Xu Zhu cannot stand by idly and watch anymore, he quickly move forward and grabbed Su XingHe’s back, he shouted: “Its not beneficial for my disciple to die! Quickly step aside!” at this moment, Su XingHe so happens to wave his palm outward. This palm from Su XingHe is extremely weak and feeble, he did not expect any effect from it, however he refuse to sit by and wait for death, he struggled and fight to the death, unexpectedly an incomparably deep and profound energy arrive from his back, the energy is exactly the same as his Master’s, as he push out with his palm the strength immediately multiplied. There is a ‘Hu’ sound, the column of fire move from his body and went straight towards Ding ChunQiu, the force did not end there, even the XingXiu disciples were drawn into the column of fire.

In a split second there is clanking sounds from the gongs and drums, everyone was thrown into confusion, the cymbals and instruments all drop onto the ground and roll around randomly.

Amidst the chants of: “XingXiu sect shaking Central Plains by force, my Master is unequalled in the present age.” Various cries of pain got mixed in:

“Aiyo, holy mother of god!”

“This is terrible, XingXiu sect quickly run and save your life!”

“XingXiu sect is flexible, we will come back next time to promote our prestige!”

Ding ChunQiu had a huge shock, in reality, even with Xu Zhu’s internal energy and the palm force from Su XingHe it might not actually beat him, but because Ding ChunQiu thought he would achieve victory soon, he became relax and complacent, he did not have any defences, thus he became flustered and lost control when the counter-attack came so suddenly. At the same time, Ding ChunQiu found that the internal energy in his opponent’s palm is well-rounded, experienced and ruthless, its way beyond what his martial brother Su XingHe is capable of, but then again the energy clearly originated from the martial arts of his sect, could it be the spirit of his dead Master? The spirit of his Master came back and seek him for revenge? When he thought of this his mind became frantic, he can’t gather his internal energy at all, the column of fire landed on his body and unexpectedly his powerless to repel it, his clothes, hair and beard all caught fire.

Amidst the shouting of “Divine Elder of XingXiu is in big trouble!” from his disciples, Ding ChunQiu anxiously shouted: “My iron-head disciple, quickly use your palm!”

You TanZhi immediately wave his palm towards the column of fire. There is ‘Chi Chi Chi’ sound, the column of fire met the strange coldness in his palm wind, the flame extinguished immediately, even the greenish black smoke faded away quickly, the only thing left is the charred pine wood.

Ding ChunQiu eye brow is burnt, his clothes tattered, he cuts a sorry figure, his secretly afraid of his Master’s spirit harassing him again, he dare not linger and show off anymore, he shouted: “Let us leave!” his body flash and in an instant his already 7-8 zhang away.

His XingXiu disciples ran away desperately, they abandoned their gongs and drums, the disciple who is reciting the parallel prose: “Praising Divine Elder of XingXiu Displaying His Might In Central Plains” had yet to finish but the a huge portion of the paper is burnt off and scattered by the wind.

But suddenly there is an “Ah!” scream from afar, a XingXiu disciple is flying in mid-air and he landed on the floor, his motionless. Everyone look at each other in dismay, the Old Freak of XingXiu just suffered a crushing defeat, his shame led to anger, one of his disciple tried to console him with flattery words, but in his rage he killed him with a single palm strike.

XuanNan, Duan YanQing, Jiumozhi, etc, all of them assume the Deaf Mute Old Man Su XingHe use his flesh to tempt his enemy into a trap, he let Ding ChunQiu waste his energy to burn the 20 deaf and mute disciples, afterwards he concentrated his energy and release an earth-shattering palm strike and Ding ChunQiu was unable to resist and got defeated. The Deaf Mute Old Man is famous for his wisdom and martial arts, just now he and the Old Freak of XingXiu was engaged in a fierce battle, he easily strike down the thick and large pine tree, everyone was shaken to the core when they saw it, thus nobody found it strange when he finally display his divine skills and drive away the Old Freak of XingXiu.

XuanNan said: “Mr Su your divine skill is deep and profound, you drive away that old freak, he must be scared out of his wits after this battle and i think he won’t dare to set foot in Central Plains anymore. You actions benefit the people, its really not a small achievement.”

Su XingHe saw Xu Zhu wearing his Master’s gem ring, he knew the underlying reason, he felt both sadness and happiness, he saw that 18-19 of his own disciples are dead, the remaining 1-2 suffered serious injuries and will most probably not recover, he felt deep sorrow but his also worried about the safety of his Master, he said a few parting words to XuanNan, Murong Fu, etc, he drag Xu Zhu’s hand and said: “Little master, please come with me.”

Xu Zhu look towards XuanNan, waiting for his orders. XuanNan said: “Senior Su is a highly respected person in the martial arts fraternity, just follow whatever he asks of you.” Xu Zhu replied: “Yes!” and he followed Su XingHe and entered the wooden house through the hole, Su XingHe pick up a wooden board and block the hole with it.

Everyone present are all experienced and knowledgeable martial art experts, they knew this action from Su XingHe meant that outsiders should not go in and pry into his private matters. Duan Yu is the only person who is neither experienced nor knowledgeable about such stuff. But currently, Duan Yu is concentrating his attention completely on Wang YuYan, his not even aware that Xu Zhu and Su XingHe had entered the house, how would he have the mood to meddle in other people’s affair?

Su XingHe held onto Xu Zhu’s hand and they pass through the 2 wooden partition, he saw his Master lying on the floor, he stretch out his hand to check, he had pass away. He long anticipated such an outcome but he still can’t hold back his grief, he knelt down and kowtow a few times, he sobbed: “Master, Master, in the end you still leave disciple behind!”

Xu Zhu pondered: “This old man is indeed Su XingHe’s Master.”

Su XingHe wipe away his tears and stood up, he support the corpse and lean him against the wooden partition so that his seating properly, afterwards he support Xu Zhu and also made him lean against wooden partition, Xu Zhu is sitting side by side with the corpse of the old man.

Xu Zhu pondered: “His making me sit beside the corpse of the old man, what is he trying to do? Don’t tell me…..don’t tell me….he wants me to die together with his Master?” he cannot help but feel a slight chill on his body, he wanted to stand up but he dare not.

Su XingHe arrange his tattered and burnt clothes, suddenly he knelt down in front of Xu Zhu, he kowtow and said: “Carefree Sect’s unworthy disciple Su XingHe pays his respect to the new sect leader.” This action from him frightened Xu Zhu so much that he was at a loss on what to do, Xu Zhu pondered: “This person has gone insane from his rage! His really insane!” Xu Zhu quickly knelt down and return the kowtow, he said: “Old senior paying such courtesy, you will really shorten junior monk’s life.”

Su XingHe said sternly: “Martial brother, you are the last disciple of our Master, you are also the leader of our Sect. Although i am the senior martial brother but i still have to kowtow to you!”

Xu Zhu said: “This…..this…..” he finally realized that Su XingHe has not gone mad, but this made his situation even more awkward and embarrassing, he can only grumble secretly.

Su XingHe said: “Martial brother, you save my life, you fulfilled Master’s wish, its only rightful that you accept a few kowtow from me. Master officially took you in as his disciple, he ask you to kowtow 9 times, did you kowtow?” Xu Zhu said: “I did kowtow but at that time i don’t know i formally became his disciple. I am Shaolin disciple, i cannot join another sect.” Su XingHe said: “Master obviously knew about it, he must have removed all your original martial arts and then pass on the skills of our sect. Master already pass on his entire lifetime of internal energy to you, correct?” Xu Zhu have no choice but to nod his head and said: “Yes.” Su XingHe said: “The symbol of our sect leader, this gem ring, Master remove it from his finger and personally put in on your finger, correct?” Xu Zhu said: “Yes! But…..but i really don’t know this is the symbol of sect leader.”

Su XingHe cross his leg and sat down on the floor, he said: “Martial brother, you have extremely deep fortune. Ding ChunQiu and me, both of us long for this gem ring for over 10 years, but we never manage to gain possession of it, but you manage to gain Master’s favour within an hour.”

Xu Zhu quickly took of the ring and handed it over, he said: “Senior please take it, this gem ring, junior monk have absolutely no use for it.”

Su XingHe did not take it, his expression grave, he said: “Martial brother, Master entrusted you something before he died, how can you shirk responsibility? Master gave this gem ring to you, he ask you to kill Ding ChunQiu, correct?”

Xu Zhu said: “Correct. But junior monk’s martial art is superficial, how can i shoulder such heavy responsibility?”

Su XingHe sigh, he put the ring back onto Xu Zhu’s finger and said: “Martial brother, you don’t know the entire story, i will tell you briefly. Our sect is called Carefree Sect, as for the rules and regulations, the most senior disciple might not necessarily take up the post of Sect Leader, whoever has the strongest martial arts will be the Sect Leader.”

Xu Zhu said: “Yes, yes, but junior monk’s martial art is extremely disappointing.”

Su XingHe ignored him and continued: “There are 3 disciples from Master’s generation, Master is rank number 2, but his martial arts is better than our 2 martial uncles, thus he became the Sect Leader. Afterwards, Master accepted me and Ding ChunQiu as his disciples, Master set down a rule, all the miscellaneous skills he mastered, whoever wants to be Sect Leader have to compete in all these skills, thus we have to compete martial arts, zither, chess, calligraphy and painting. Ding ChunQiu have absolutely no understandings of these miscellaneous skills, there is no hope for him to become Sect Leader, unexpectedly he plotted against Master and push him into a deep ravine, he also inflict serious injuries on me.”

Xu Zhu heard some of these details from Xue MuHua at the underground cave, but he didn’t expect this matter to eventually involve him, he grumbled secretly and said: “Unexpectedly Benefactor Ding did not kill you at that time.”

Su XingHe said: “Don’t think that his humane and spared my life. Firstly, he can’t break through my 5 element trigram, its a complex metaphysical formation, secondly, i told him: ‘Ding ChunQiu, you plotted against Master, your martial art is also better than mine, but you never learn the most profound martial arts of Carefree Sect, the manual of [Divine Skill of the Northern Darkness], you want to look at it or not? The lightness martial art [Graceful Steps upon the Waves], you want to learn it or not? What about [Six Solar Palms Of Heavenly Mountain]? What about [Plum Breaking Hand Of Heavenly Mountain]? What about [Eternal Youth Never Ageing Skill]?”

“All these skills are the high-level martial arts of our Sect, even for our Master his bogged down by too much miscellaneous skills, he didn’t manage to learn all these skills.’ When Ding ChunQiu heard this, his so excited that his body trembled, he said to me: ‘Hand over the manuals of these martial arts, i will spare your life today.’ I told him: ‘How can these manuals be with me? Only Master knows the hidden location of these manuals. Since you want to kill me, just do it.’ Ding ChunQiu told me: ‘The manuals must be near XingXiu Sea, you think i don’t know?’ i told him: ‘Correct, its indeed near XingXiu Sea, go find it yourself if you have the ability.’ He muttered to himself for a long time, XingXiu Sea spans several hundreds li, its really difficult to find these manuals, he told me: ‘Fine, i won’t kill you. But from now on you have to play deaf and mute, you cannot reveal the secrets of our Sect.’”

“Why didn’t he kill me? He just want to leave me alive so that he can extort a confession. If he kill me, nobody will ever know the location of these martial arts manual. In reality, the manuals of these martial arts are not hidden at XingXiu Sea, they have always been kept by our Master and our 2 martial uncles. Ding ChunQiu live at XingXiu Sea, he must have searched through every single stone and pebble, naturally he didn’t find the manuals of these divine skills. He came to trouble me numerous times, but i evaded him using mechanisms, metaphysical arts, etc. This time he tried to ask me again, but seeing the hopeless prospects he tried to kill me to vent his anger.”

Xu Zhu said: “Fortunately senior…….” Su XingHe said: “You are the Sect Leader, why you keep calling me senior, you should call me senior martial brother.” Xu Zhu pondered: “This matter is extremely troublesome, i don’t know when i can finally clarify this mess.” He replied: “The matter on whether you are my senior martial brother or not, we will leave that aside first, even if you are my senior martial brother, you are still my senior.” Su XingHe nod his head and said: “This is quite true. Just now you mention, fortunately i am what?” Xu Zhu said: “Fortunately senior exercise patience, you conserved your strength for that final push, thus at the crucial moment you finally made a surprise attack, the Old Freak of XingXiu suffered a huge defeat and left.”

Su XingHe wave his hands repeatedly and said: “Martial brother, you are wrong, its so obvious that you use the divine internal energy imparted by Master and assisted me, you save my life, how come you are so modest and refuse to admit it? We are fellow apprentices, the position of Sect Leader is already decided, you save my life, i will never covet after your Sect Leader position. From now on you cannot regard me as an outsider.”

Xu Zhu is very curious, he said: “When did i ever assist you? There’s no need to even talk about saving your life.” Su XingHe pondered for a while and said: “Maybe you did it unintentionally, nobody knows. To cut the long story short, you place your palm behind my back, the divine internal energy of our sect transmit into me and turn defeat into victory.” Xu Zhu said: “Oh, so it is. Then its your Master who saved you, i didn’t save you.” Su XingHe said: “I say Master borrowed your hand and save me, you should at least admit this much?” Xu Zhu can’t refute anymore, he nod his head and said: “This is just a simple favour, since you insist then i will just admit it.”

Su XingHe said: “Just now your divine internal energy unexpectedly burst forth and caught Ding ChunQiu off guard and frightened him off. If its a real fight, even if both of us team up together we are still not his match. To kill Ding ChunQiu, firstly your internal energy must be stronger than him, secondly you must be proficient in the high-level martial arts of our sect such as [Six Solar Palms Of Heavenly Mountain], [Plum Breaking Hand Of Heavenly Mountain], etc, the martial arts combined with the internal energy will give rise to enormous power. I got distracted by numerous miscellaneous skills, i did not concentrate on learning martial arts, thus my martial arts cannot be compared against Ding ChunQiu, if not, Master only need to pass on his internal energy into my body and i can simply punish that traitor. Moreover, i have a martial aunt, her internal energy and martial arts are equally formidable, but i don’t know what happen to her, unexpectedly she was hoodwinked by Ding ChunQiu and they join hands to attack my Master. This martial aunt is fond of handsome young man, previously Ding ChunQiu was an elegant young man and he manage to gain the love of this martial aunt. Some of Ding ChunQiu martial arts, like [Minor Formless Skill], was taught by this martial aunt. If we go and trouble Ding ChunQiu, this martial aunt will assist him and it will be difficult to get rid of him. For the past 30 years, Master and i thought of numerous methods but we simply can’t find a suitable person to inherit Master’s martial arts. Master health deteriorated with each passing day, this disciple is even more difficult to find, not only must he have extremely high comprehension, he must also be a handsome youngster, natural and unrestrained……”

Xu Zhu said: “Junior monk is ugly, i am definitely not qualified to be the last disciple of your revered master. Old senior, please go find a handsome, natural and unstrained youngster, i will pass on your revered master’s divine internal energy to him.”

Su XingHe was startled, he said: “The divine internal energy of our sect is interlinked with heart, arteries, qi and blood, if the energy is intact the person is intact, if the energy disappears the person will die. When Master transferred his divine internal energy into you he died soon after, don’t tell me you didn’t see it?”

Xu Zhu stamped his feet repeatedly and said: “What should i do? I really mess up the big plan of senior and your revered master.”

Su XingHe said: “Martial brother, this is the burden you carry. Master arranged this chess formation, its purpose is to test the comprehension of a person. This ‘Zhen Long’ is simply too difficult, i painstakingly research it for over 10 years but i never manage to break it, only you martial brother manage to break it, your ‘comprehension is extremely high’, this phrase is really fitting.”

Xu Zhu laugh bitterly and said: “Its not fitting. I did not break this ‘Zhen Long’.” Thereafter he narrated how his martial grandfather XuanNan transmitted his voice into him and secretly guided him.

Su XingHe is skeptical and said: “I looked at the expression of XuanNan, he already fell under the evil hands of Ding ChunQiu, his internal energy had long be sealed, its not likely that he can use the [Transmitting Voice in Secret] technique.” Su XingHe pause and pondered again, he said: “But Shaolin is the number one orthodox school of martial arts, maybe XuanNan is deliberately trying to make things complicated, i am only a frog at the bottom of the well, its not possible for me to see through his exact thoughts. Martial brother, i send my people to dispatch invitation cards everywhere, i invited all the top experts under the heaven to come and break this ‘Zhen Long’, for all those who love playing chess, once they know there is such a chess meet they will definitely come. But for those who are too old, appearance…….this…..appearance not too handsome, or they are not part of the martial arts fraternity, then they are not invited. Young gentleman Gusu Murong’s appearance is fine as jade, he has vast knowledge of martial arts techniques under the heaven, his the most ideal candidate, unfortunately he can’t break the chess formation.”

Xu Zhu said: “Yes, gentleman Murong is 100 times better than me. There is also gentleman Duan from Dali’s Duan family, his also a fine elegant gentleman.”

Su XingHe said: “Sigh, there is no need to mention this matter. I heard that Dali’s Prince Zhennan Duan ZhengChun excelled in [Yiyang Finger], even more rare is that his romantic and elegant, countless maidens, virgins, middle-age pretty women, once they see him they cannot help but become infatuated and head over heels in love. I send quite a few of my disciples to Dali to invite him, unexpectedly his not at Dali and i don’t know his last whereabouts, but his foolish and clumsy son came instead.”

Xu Zhu gave a faint smile, he said: “This gentleman Duan, both his eyes always staring at Miss Wang.”

Su XingHe shakes his head and said: “Regrettable, regrettable! Duan ZhengChun is frivolous and philandering, his known as ‘Number One Romantic In Martial Arts Fraternity’, but his son is not like him at all, extremely unworthy, his a disgrace to his father’s reputation. He go all out and fawn upon that Miss Wang, but Miss Wang paid no attention to him at all, this is really infuriating!”

Xu Zhu said: “Gentleman Duan is devoted, he should be better than romantic loafers, senior how can you say its regrettable?” Su XingHe said: “He looks smart but his foolish and clumsy, he doesn’t know how to handle women, we don’t need him.” Xu Zhu said: “Yes!” his secretly happy and thought: “So you want to find a handsome youngster to deal with women, this is good, then you will have no use for me, an ugly little monk.”

Su XingHe ask: “Martial brother, did Master ask you to find someone? Or he gave you any map and so on?”

Xu Zhu was stumped for words, he felt this matter is somewhat wrong, he wanted to deny it, but he was instructed by eminent monk at Shaolin since childhood, he must not lie, moreover Buddhist monks are forbidden to lie, to do so is to break a huge rule, thus he stammered: “This……this……..”

Su XingHe said: “You are the Sect Leader, anything you ask me i must answer, else you can immediately put me to death. But if i ask you anything, you can choose whether or not to answer, if you don’t like to answer you can simply ask me to shut up and not ask random questions.”

Since Su XingHe said it, Xu Zhu felt its not appropriate to cover up the truth, he wave his hands repeatedly and said: “How can i be arrogant in front of you? Senior, your Master gave this to me.” As he finish speaking he took out a scroll from his bosom, he saw Su XingHe withdraw his body, his expression extremely respectful, he dare not extend his hands to receive the scroll, thus Xu Zhu open up the scroll himself.

As the scroll unfolded, both of them stare blankly at it, they simultaneously cry out in surprise, it seems the scroll is not a map, its also not a drawing of landscape or scenery, but a drawing of a pretty young maiden dressed in palace clothing.

Xu Zhu said: “Its turns out to be Miss Wang.”

But the quality of the scroll’s silk fabric is old and yellowing, its at least 30-40 years, the ink on the painting has also faded, clearly this painting is old and has been stored for many years, the painting is several times older than Wang YuYan, unexpectedly the painter is able to draw her appearance 10 years or even 100 years ago, this is simply unbelievable. The brush stroke on the painting is neat and lively, the figure is vivid and lifelike, its as if Wang Yu Yan is miniaturize and put into the painting.

Xu Zhu click his tongue in surprise, but he saw Su XingHe extending his right finger and tracing the brush stroke of the painting, he gasp in admiration for a long time, suddenly he seem to rouse from his dream-like state and said: “Martial brother, please don’t take offense, elder brother’s bad habit flare up again, when i see this ingenious painting of our Master, i suddenly had the urge to follow and learn it. Sigh, i am biting off more than i can chew, i want to learn everything but in the end i achieved nothing, i suffer a pathetic defeat against Ding ChunQiu.” As he said this, he quickly roll up the scroll and handed it back to Xu Zhu, his afraid that if he look at the painting again he will be hopelessly mesmerized by the brush stroke of the painting. Su XingHe closed his eyes and calm down, he forcefully shakes his head, it seems his trying to forget the brush stroke in the painting, after a while he finally open his eyes and said: “When Master gave this scroll to you, what did he say?”

Xu Zhu said: “He said my internal energy already exceeds Ding ChunQiu, but my martial art is insufficient, i cannot subdue Ding ChunQiu, thus i should take this scroll and go to Dali’s WuLiang Cave and find his huge collections of martial art manuals and learn them. But most likely i can’t master them and i have to find someone to guide me. He said this scroll shows his residence where he live in ease and comfort, then it should be some famous mountains or great rivers, or some secluded and beautiful place, but how come its a portrait of Miss Wang? Could it be that he took the wrong scroll?”

Su XingHe said: “Master’s actions are hard to fathom, you will understand it when the time comes. You have to obey Master’s order, try to improve your martial arts and then get rid of Ding ChunQiu.”

Xu Zhu stammered: “This…..this…..junior monk is Shaolin disciple, i have to go back to Shaolin Temple and report my mission. When i go back to the Temple, i will meditate and study scriptures, i will never come out again.”

Su XingHe had a huge shock, he jump up and burst into tears and cried loudly, there is a ‘Pu’ sound, he knelt down in front of Xu Zhu, he kowtow as if his pounding garlic, he said: “Sect Leader, if you don’t obey Master’s order, then he died for no reason?”

Xu Zhu also knelt down and return his salute, he said: “Junior monk is a Buddhist, i am forbidden to be angry and to kill, previously i promised your revered master to get rid of Ding ChunQiu, but now i think its not appropriate. The rules of Shaolin are very strict, no matter what junior monk cannot change sect, or run amok and commit crimes.” But regardless of how Su XingHe cry and plead, or try to enlighten, or even threaten and compel, Xu Zhu simply refuse to accept.

There is nothing Su XingHe can do, he felt dejected and hopeless, he said to his Master’s corpse: “Master, Sect Leader refuse to obey your orders, disciple is powerless, i will follow you in death.” As he finish speaking he leap up and flip upside down, his dive down from midair head-first, the top of his head smashing towards the stone floor.

Xu Zhu cry out in fear: “You cannot do that!” he quickly hug him. Currently, Xu Zhu’s internal energy is deep and profound, his movement sharp and nimble, his abilities greatly exceeds his past self, Su XingHe could not move an inch when hugged by Xu Zhu.

Su XingHe said: “Why don’t you allow me to commit suicide?” Xu Zhu said: “Monks have to be compassionate, i cannot bear to see you die.” Su XingHe said: “Release me, i definitely don’t want to live anymore.” Xu Zhu said: “I won’t release you!” Su XingHe said: “Don’t tell me you will hold on and never release me for a lifetime?” Xu Zhu thought his words are quite true, he flip Su XingHe upright and put him down, he said: “Fine, i will release you, but i forbid you to commit suicide.”

Su XingHe suddenly had a bright idea, he said: “You forbid me to commit suicide? Yes, i should follow Sect Leader’s orders. Wonderful! Sect Leader, you finally agree to be our Sect Leader!”

Xu Zhu shakes his head and said: “I never agree. When did i ever agree?”

Su XingHe laugh out loudly and said: “Sect Leader, its useless for you to back out. You already gave an order and i already followed your order, from now on i will never commit suicide again. Who do you think Mr Intelligent Su XingHe is? Other than my Sect Leader, who dares to order me around? You can ask Shaolin’s Master XuanNan, or even Abbot XuanCi, both of them don’t dare to order me around.”

While enroute, Xu Zhu already listen to XuanNan narrate the impressive standings of Deaf Mute Old Man in the martial arts fraternity, its definitely not empty words when Su XingHe said no one dares to order him around. Xu Zhu said: “I don’t dare to order you around, but i am merely advising you to cherish your life, its purely out of good intentions.”

Su XingHe said: “I don’t dare to question your intentions. If you ask me to die, i will die immediately. If you ask me to live, i don’t dare to not live. This life and death order is the most powerful authority. If you are not my Sect Leader, how can you randomly order me to die or live?”

Xu Zhu can’t dispute it, he said: “Even if so, then assume that i said the wrong words just now, i withdraw it.”

Su XingHe said: “You withdraw the order that forbid me to commit suicide, then you are asking me to commit suicide. Affirmative, i will immediately commit suicide.” His method of committing suicide is really unusual, he leap up again, flip upside down, head smashing towards the stone floor.

Xu Zhu again quickly hug him firmly, he said: “You cannot do that, you cannot do that! I am not asking you to commit suicide!” Su XingHe said: “En, you forbid me to commit suicide again. I will respectfully comply with Sect Leader’s order!” Xu Zhu put him down, he scratch his bald head, he really don’t know what to say.

Su XingHe is nicknamed Mr Intelligent, this nickname is not for fun, his naturally eloquent, although he never spoke a single word for the past 30 years, but now that he start speaking again his still eloquent. Xu Zhu is still young, his simple and unsophisticated, he never dispute or argue with his martial brothers at Shaolin Temple, how can he be a match against Su XingHe? Xu Zhu pondered: “Withdrawing the order that forbid him to commit suicide is not equivalent to asking him to commit suicide. Not asking him to commit suicide is not equivalent to forbidding him to commit suicide.” But Su XingHe has the gift of the gab, he forestall him with every phrase and sentence, Xu Zhu have no way to defend himself, he stare blankly for quite some time, he sigh and said: “Senior, i can never win this debate against you. But you want me to join your sect, i really cannot comply.”

Su XingHe said: “Before we came in here, what did XuanNan instruct you? The words of Master XuanNan, you will comply or not?” Xu Zhu was startled, he said: “Martial grandfather ask me…..ask me…..ask me to listen to you.”

Su XingHe is very pleased, he said: “Yes, Master XuanNan ask you to listen to me. I am telling you: ‘You should comply with our Master’s order, become our Sect Leader.’ But since you are the Sect Leader already then you don’t have to listen to senior monks from Shaolin anymore. Thus, if you comply with Master XuanNan’s order, then you are our Sect Leader, if you don’t comply with Master XuanNan’s order, you are still out Sect Leader. Only by becoming our Sect Leader can you ignore Master XuanNan’s order, or else how can you disobey your martial grandfather’s instruction?” When Xu Zhu listen to this line of reasoning he thought it made sense, his rendered speechless for a while.

Su XingHe said: “Martial brother, Master XuanNan and the rest of the Shaolin monks, all of them are poisoned by Ding ChunQiu, their life will be in danger if we don’t save them quickly, currently only you alone is capable of saving them. Whether or not to save them is entirely dependent on you.”

Xu Zhu said: “My martial grandfather is certainly poisoned by Ding ChunQiu, as for the rest they are injured, but…..but my ability is lowly, how can i save them?”

Su XingHe smiled and said: “Martial brother, our sect forte is not just restricted to martial arts, medicine, divination, music, chess, calligraphy, painting, our skills are all encompassing. You have a martial nephew called Xue MuHua, he only has superficial medical knowledge, but everyone calls him Divine Physician Xue, his nicknamed ‘Enemy of King of Hell’, isn’t it laughable? XuanNan is injured by Ding ChunQiu’s [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], the square-face monk is injured by that iron-head man’s [Frost Silkworm Palm], the thin and tall monk is kicked by Ding ChunQiu on the left side of his torso around 3 inch below, he injured his meridians……..”

Su XingHe kept talking non-stop, he narrated all the ailments and the origin of the injuries of everyone. Xu Zhu is very impress, he said: “Senior, i saw you concentrating on the chess match, you didn’t even look carefully at them or even diagnose them, how come you know so much details?”

Su XingHe said: “The injuries inflicted by martial arts are so obvious that you can easily tell it from just one glance. Only those who are naturally weak and poor in health, or those that suffer cold and heat diseases, they are much harder to diagnose. Martial brother, you have our Master’s 70 years of divine internal energy, its greatly beneficial for treating injuries and illnesses. Great Master XuanNan’s meridians contain poison, its a bit difficult to restore his internal energy, but its effortless to treat his injuries and save his life.” At once he taught Xu Zhu how to channel his energy to massage the acupoints, and the method to expel the frost poison. He also gave detailed guidance on the techniques involved in treating XuanNan, and the techniques involved in treating Feng BoE, since both their poison are different the techniques involved are also different.

Xu Zhu remembered all the techniques taught by Su XingHe, but he only knows how to apply but not the reasoning behind it.

Su XingHe saw Xu Zhu demonstration of the techniques, there are no mistakes, his face revealed a smile and praised: “Sect Leader’s memory is excellent, you understand everything at once.”

Xu Zhu saw his smile is rather furtive, its seem as if he harboured malicious intentions, he cannot help but ask: “Why are you smiling?” Su XingHe immediately became solemn, he bow respectfully and said: “Elder brother don’t dare to laugh or smile, Sect Leader please forgive me if i am not respectful enough.” Xu Zhu is anxious to treat everyone’s injuries, thus he did not pursue this matter anymore, he said: “Let us go outside and take a look!” Su XingHe said: “Yes!” he followed behind Xu Zhu and they went outside the house.

They saw a bunch of injured people sitting cross-legged on the floor, Murong Fu is channelling his internal energy to help relief the suffering of Bao BuTong and Feng BoE. Wang YuYan is attending to GongYe Gan’s injuries. Xue MuHua is sweating profusely, his constantly on the move, whoever is in critical condition he will immediately go over and try to save him, but once one patient quieten down another patient starts shouting again. Xue MuHua saw Su XingHe coming out of the house, he felt great comfort, he quickly rush towards him and said: “Master, please think of a method.”

Xu Zhu walk towards XuanNan, his eyes are closed and his channelling his internal energy, Xu Zhu simply stood beside and dare not open his mouth to speak. XuanNan slowly open his eyes, he gave a sigh and said: “I am really incompetent, i suffered under the poisonous hands of Ding ChunQiu and tainted out Shaolin’s reputation, i am really ashamed. Go back and report to to the abbot and tell him….and tell him that i and martial brother XuanTong cannot return back to Shaolin Temple anymore.”

In the past, Xu Zhu met this martial grandfather before, his always stately, charismatic and reliable, but now his expression is sullen, an attitude of desolation, his speech hinted at his intentions to commit suicide, Xu Zhu quickly said: “Martial grandfather, please don’t be too upset, as practitioners of martial arts, our heart must not have anger, no eagerness to compete, no desire in victory and defeat, no desire in gains and losses…….” he kept reciting non-stop, unexpectedly these words are the exact same words used by XuanNan to admonish him and now he recited it back to XuanNan, but suddenly he realize that it doesn’t seem right and he immediately shut up, but he had already said quite a few sentences.

XuanNan gave a slight smile and sigh: “Your words are correct, but your martial grandfather lost all his internal energy, i don’t even have the strength to concentrate on Buddhism anymore.”

Xu Zhu said: “Yes, yes, disciple is naive, i am talking rubbish.” As he was about to try and treat XuanNan’s injuries, he suddenly recalled the suspicious smile on Su XingHe, his was alarmed: “He ask me to use my palm and smack my martial grandfather’s acupoint of the top of his head, how would i know his not trying to harm me? If i really smack down with my palm and unexpectedly kill my martial grandfather, then what should i do?”

XuanNan said: “Go report back to the abbot, our Shaolin Temple will meet great catastrophe in the future, he should take extra precautions against it, be careful when travelling back, you are pure and honest, i am not worried about your Buddhist prohibition and Buddhist devotion, but from now on you must put in more effort on ‘intelligence and wisdom’, you should study attentively the 4 scrolls of . Sigh, its a pity that i can no longer guide you.”

Xu Zhu said: “Yes, yes.” He saw how XuanNan is still concerned about him, he felt really grateful, he said: “Martial grandfather, since our Temple will have great catastrophe, we need you to take care of yourself and go back to assist the abbot, together we will drive away the enemy.” XuanNan force a bitter smile and said: “I…i am hit by Ding ChunQiu [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], i am already a handicapped person, how can i assist the abbot and drive away the enemy?” Xu Zhu said: “Martial grandfather, Mr Intelligent taught me a set of healing method, disciple is overestimating his ability but i wish to try it on martial uncle HuiFang, i ask martial grandfather for permission.”

XuanNan is flabbergasted, he knew the Deaf Mute Old Man is the Master of Divine Physician Xue, the healing method imparted by him must be sensible, but he don’t understand why Su XingHe or even Xue MuHua don’t come forth personally and provide the treatment, he said: “The method imparted by Mr Intelligent is obviously ingenious.” He gave a glance at Su XingHe and said to Xu Zhu: “Go and try it.”

Xu Zhu walk towards HuiFang, he bow and said: “Martial uncle, nephew received orders from martial grandfather, i will treat your injury, please don’t be offended.” HuiFang smile and nod his head. Xu Zhu acted according to the method taught by Su XingHe, he carefully aim the spot below the left side torso, he wave his right palm and strike the spot.

HuiFang groaned, his body swayed, he felt as if there is a hole on his torso, all his blood and vital energy seems to flow out from this hole, his entire body felt empty, he can’t control it at all, but the itch and pain caused by You TanZhi’s frost poison instantly vanished. Xu Zhu did not use his internal energy to expel the frost poison, rather, he use his 70 years of to strike at the torso and open up a hole to drain off the frost poison. Its the same as someone who is bitten by poisonous snake, he will cut open his wound and try to squeeze out the venom. With this technique [Cutting Body With Energy Blade], obviously you cannot hit the wrong spot, but if your internal energy is insufficient and you cannot penetrate the meridians with a single strike, then not only will the poison not drain out, instead the poison will be forced into the inner organs and the patient will suffer a violent death immediately.

Xu Zhu felt unsure when he send out his palm strike, HuiFang sway and slowly stabilize, his frown and expression of pain gradually change into relax happiness, these changes occurred within a short period of time but to Xu Zhu it seems like a few hours.

After a while, HuiFang exhale, he smiled and said: “Good martial nephew, the power in that palm strike is not small.”

Xu Zhu is excited and said: “I don’t dare.” He turn back and said to XuanNan: “Martial grandfather, is it ok if i go treat the rest of the martial uncles?”

Currently, XuanNan expression is extremely happy, but he shakes his head and said: “No! Go treat the other seniors first, after that we treat our own people.”

Xu Zhu trembled in his heart, he quickly said: “Yes!” he pondered: “Others before self, this is the great compassion of Buddhism, the heart to save all living things.” He saw Bao BuTong is in severe pain, his teeth clattering, he immediately walk towards him and said: “Mr Bao, Mr Intelligent taught junior monk a method to treat this frost poison, junior monk only learn it today, i am not proficient, but i will treat Mr Bao. Please forgive my offense.” As he finish speaking he extended his hand and touch Bao BuTong’s chest.

Bao BuTong laugh and said: “What you trying to do?” Xu Zhu raised his right palm, there is a ‘Peng’ sound and he landed the palm on Bao BuTong’s chest. Bao BuTong was furious, he cursed: “Smelly mo…….” but he did not complete the word ‘monk’, the frost poison which had tortured him for so long unexpectedly flow rapidly out of his chest, he swallow his words and dare not curse anymore.

Xu Zhu help the rest of the injured people to drain off You TanZhi’s frost poison, afterwards he went to treat those injured by Ding ChunQiu. Some of these people had poison in their meridians due to Ding ChunQiu [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], Xu Zhu strike his palm at either the ‘Baihui acupoint’ on the top of their head or the ‘Lingtai acupoint’ at their solar plexus, their energy return back to normal and they can use it to slow neutralize the poison themselves. Some of them suffered internal energy injuries, Xu Zhu used his finger to prick their acupoints and dissolve the energy of XingXiu sect. Luckily his memory is extremely good, Su XingHe taught him various different kinds of medical treatment methods and techniques, unexpectedly he remembered all of them clearly, he implemented them accordingly and within the time taken to eat a meal he removed everyone’s pain and ailments. The patients are all very grateful towards him, as for spectators they greatly admire the divine technique of the Deaf Mute Old Man, but when they thought about the fact that his the Master of Divine Physician Xue, they did not think that its odd.

Finally, Xu Zhu walk towards XuanNan, he bow and said: “Martial grandfather, disciple is bold, i want strike my palm on your ‘Baihui acupoint’ on the top of your head.”

XuanNan smiled and said: “You gained the favour of Mr Intelligent, unexpectedly you manage to learn ingenious healing techniques, your affinity with fortune is really not small, go ahead and strike my ‘Baihui acupoint’.”

Xu Zhu bow and said: “Please forgive my boldness!” when he was at Shaolin Temple, his always look at XuanNan from afar, when XuanNan gathered the monks to explain martial arts theories, Xu Zhu will just stand together with the rest and he never get much chance to talk with him, but now he actually have to strike XuanNan’s head, although its for the purpose of medical treatment but he cannot help but feel worried, he also notice that XuanNan’s smile is rather unusual, he don’t understand his intention, he composed himself and said: “Disciple have to offend you, martial grandfather please forgive me!” he took a step foward, his palm targeting XuanNan’s ‘Baihui acupoint’, the force is neither hard nor soft, neither slow nor fast, he wave his palm and strike downwards.

Just as Xu Zhu’s palm touch XuanNan’s forehead, XuanNan suddenly gave a very odd smile, immediately after he gave a long cry and his body suddenly went limp, his body wriggled a few times and he lie prostrate on the floor and was motionless.

All the spectators cried out in alarm, Xu Zhu is so frightened that his heart thumped madly, he hastily rush forward and supported XuanNan. HuiFang and the rest of the monks also rush beside him. When they saw XuanNan, his face revealed a smile but his breathing had stopped, his already dead. Xu Zhu cry out in fear: “Martial grandfather, martial grandfather! What happen to you?”

Suddenly Su XingHe shouted: “Who is it? Stop there!” he arrive swiftly from the southeast corner and said: “Someone made a sneak attack behind, but his movement is very fast, unexpectedly i couldn’t see him properly!” he grabbed XuanNan’s wrist, he frown and said: “Master XuanNan already lost his internal energy, when someone made a sneak attack his completely defenceless and died.” Suddenly he smiled, his expression was very odd.

Xu Zhu’s mind is in a mess, he cried and shouted: “Martial grandfather, martial grandfather, you……you why……” suddenly he remembered the furtive smile by Su XingHe when they are inside the wooden house, he said furiously: “Mr Intelligent, tell me the truth, how did my martial grandfather died? Did you intentionally try to harm him?”

Su XingHe knelt down and said: “Reporting to Sect Leader, Su XingHe dare not try to plot against Sect Leader. Master XuanNan unexpected pass away, its certainly due to sneak attack.” Xu Zhu said: “Just now in the wooden house, you gave a weird smile, what is the reason?” Su XingHe was startled and said: “Did i smile? Did i smile? Sect Leader you have to extremely careful, someone……..” he did not completely his sentence as he abruptly stop talking, his face revealed an extremely odd smile.

Xue MuHua cry out loudly: “Master!” he hurriedly took out a bottle of antidote from his bosom, he quickly took off the bottle stopper and pour 3 pills onto his hand and stuff it into Su XingHe’s mouth. But Su XingHe already stop breathing, he did not swallow the pill. Xue MuHua burst into tears: “Master is poisoned by Ding ChunQiu and died, Ding ChunQiu this evil traitor…….” his crying so badly that he can’t speak anymore.

Kang GuangLing threw himself at Su XingHe’s body, Xue MuHua quickly grabbed his back and forcefully pull him back, he weep: “There is poison on Master’s body.” Fan BaiLing, Gou Du, Wu LingJun, Feng ASan, Li KuiLei, Shi QingFeng, all 8 disciples stood beside Su XingHe, they felt anger and sadness.

Kang GuangLing followed Su XingHe for a long time, he knows all the sect rules and regulations, when he saw his Master kneel down in front of Xu Zhu and refer him as ‘Sect Leader’, he already knew 80-90% of what is going on, he closely examined Xu Zhu’s finger, his indeed wearing a gem ring, Kang GuangLing said: “All fellow martial brothers, follow me and pay our respects to the new Sect Leader.” As he finish speaking he knelt down in front of Xu Zhu and kowtow. Fan BaiLing and the rest was startled, they suddenly realize the truth and also follow suit and kowtow.

Xu Zhu is disconcerted, he said: “Ding….Ding ChunQiu that treacherous Benefactor, he killed my martial grandfather and also killed you Master.”

Kang GuangLing said: “Kill that wicked traitor to avenge them, we ask Sect Leader to take charge of this important matter.”

Xu Zhu is just a little monk without any worldly experience, as for his martial arts knowledge, fame and prestige, everyone present here are all superior to him, he thought: “I have to take revenge for martial grandfather, I have to take revenge for Mr Intelligent, I have to take revenge for that old man in the wooden house!” he shouted loudly: “I will definitely kill Ding ChunQiu….Ding ChunQiu this evil person…..this treacherous Benefactor.”

Kang GuangLing kowtow again and said: “Martial uncle Sect Leader agreed to deal with that traitor and avenge my Master, nephew is extremely grateful towards Martial uncle Sect Leader.” Fan BaiLing, Xue MuHua and the rest, all of them kowtow. Xu Zhu quick knelt down to return the courtesy and said: “I don’t deserve it, i don’t deserve it, everyone please get up.” Kang GuangLing said: “Martial uncle, nephew have another thing to report, but there are too many people here, i invite you into the wooden house so that i can personally tell you.” Xu Zhu said: “Ok!”

Xu Zhu followed Kang GuangLing and they are about to enter the wooden house, suddenly Fan BaiLing said: “Wait! Our Master contracted that old traitor’s poison inside that house, Martial uncle Sect Leader and senior martial brother, its best that you don’t go in, that old traitor is full of tricks, you cannot guard against him.” Kang GuangLing nod his head and said: “You words are reasonable! Martial uncle Sect Leader’s body is very precious, we cannot let him take the risk.” Xue MuHua said: “The two of you just speak here. We will keep watch and guard against that old traitor’s schemes.” As he finish speaking he walk somewhere else, Feng ASan, Wu LingJun and the rest, all walk out to around 10 zhang.

Murong Fu, Deng BaiChuan and they rest, all of them saw the sect members move away. Although Juimozhi, Duan YanQing and the rest found it odd, but the matter did not concern them and they also left the area without consulting anyone.

Kang GuangLing said: “Martial uncle…….” Xu Zhu said: “I am not your martial uncle, i am also not your Sect Leader, i am a monk from Shaolin, i am not related to your Carefree Sect.” Kang GuangLing said: “Martial uncle, how can you not acknowledge it? The name ‘Carefree Sect’, outsiders will never know this name. If outsiders accidentally or deliberately hears it, than base on our sect rules, they will be killed without fail.” Xu Zhu shivered, he thought: “This rule is too evil. If i don’t agree to join their sect then it means they will kill me?”

Kang GuangLing said again: “Martial uncle, just now the techniques you displayed to treat everyone, its precisely base on the internal energy of our sect. Nephew don’t dare to ask martial uncle how you join the sect and inherited the energy from Grand-Master. But maybe martial uncle manage to break Grand-Master’s chess formation, my Master acted according to the orders of Grand-Master and accepted you and pass on the Sect Leader position to you. To cut the long story short, the ‘Carefree Immortal Ring’ is on martial uncle’s finger, when our Master died he kowtow to you and also address you as Sect Leader, martial uncle you don’t have to give excuse anymore. Its pointless for you to evade responsibility.”

Xu Zhu look to the left and right, he saw HuiFang and the rest carrying the corpse of XuanNan to the side, he also saw the corpse of Su XingHe still kneeling on the floor and his face still revealed an odd smile, he heart ached and said: “I can’t fully explain the situation now, now my martial grandfather is dead, i really don’t know what to do, old senior……..”

Kang GuangLing hastily knelt down and said: “Martial uncle you definitely cannot address me like this, you will really shorten nephew’s life!” Xu Zhu frown and said: “Fine, please get up.” Kang GuangLing got up. Xu Zhu said: “Old senior……” he just said these words, Kang GuangLing immediately knelt down again with a ‘Pu’ sound.

Xu Zhu said: “Sorry, I forgot, i can’t address you like this. Please get up.” He took out the scroll given to him by the old man and open it, he said: “Your Master ask me to rely on this scroll to try and learn martial arts and then punish Benefactor Ding.”

Kang GuangLing look at the pretty lady in the painting, he shakes his head and said: “Nephew don’t understand the undying meaning, martial uncle you should keep this painting properly and don’t let outsiders see it. Since my Master said it, then i invite martial uncle to take his view into consideration and act accordingly. Nephew wants to report about the poison contracted by our Master, its called . This poison is formless and invisible, initially after contracting the poison, the victim’s face will reveal an odd smile but they victim doesn’t know it, after smiling 3 times the victim will die.”

Xu Zhu lowered his head and said: “I am really ashamed, when your revered master contracted the poison, his face revealed an odd smile, but i gauge others with my own lowly character, i suspected he had bad intentions, if at that time i had candidly asked him about his smile, your revered master would have applied medical treatment immediately and it won’t reach this stage.”

Kang GuangLing shakes his head and said: “Once you contract this its difficult to save. This is one of the reason why Old Traitor Ding can go on a rampage without fear. Everyone knows about the famous [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], but you will only lose your internal energy temporarily, you will still survive, once the poison is cleared from your meridians you can channel your internal energy again. But if you contract this , you will close your eyes and never open them again.”

Xu Zhu shakes his head and said: “This is really vicious! At time i was standing beside your master, i did not know how Ding ChunQiu manage to use his poison, my martial art is poor, experience low, how come Ding ChunQiu never poison me and spared my life?”

Kang GuangLing said: “Maybe he thinks your ability is lowly, not worth the effort to poison. Martial uncle Sect Leader, you are so young, how great can you be? Although the techniques you use to treat poison is good but they are taught by my Master, its really nothing, Ding ChunQiu won’t bother about you.” As he finish speaking he suddenly realize that his speech is really rude, he quickly said: “Martial uncle Sect Leader, i spoke frankly just now, you might feel offended, but even if you are offended i still feel your martial art is not good.”

Xu Zhu said: “You are absolutely correct, my martial art is extremely poor, Old Traitor Ding…..sin, sin, junior monk spoke foul language, i violated the prohibition against foul language, its really unbecoming behaviour of Buddhist….that Ding ChunQiu Benefactor Ding really finds me not worth killing.”

Xu Zhu is simple and unsophisticated, Kang GuangLing is not familiar with worldly affair, Ding ChunQiu sneak into the wooden house and eavesdrop on Su XingHe imparting techniques to treating injuries and poison, why would he not plot against Xu Zhu? Why would he spare Xu Zhu just because his martial art is lowly? The is transmitted using internal energy, the poison is shot onto the body of the victim, when Ding ChunQiu is in the wooden house, he already use his internal energy to flick the onto Su XingHe and Xu Zhu, afterwards he also flick the poison on XuanNan. Su XingHe is weary and exhausted after the fierce battle, XuanNan lost his internal energy, both of them contracted the poison. But Xu Zhu is equipped with 70 years of divine internal energy, the internal energy of Ding ChunQiu did not even reach his body and got repelled back, all the deadly poison reflected onto Su XingHe, Xu Zhu did not contract the slightest bit of poison. When fighting face to face with another opponent, Ding ChunQiu don’t dare to use because he feared his opponent’s internal energy might be formidable and reflect the poison back at him.

Kang GuangLin said: “Martial uncle, you are not right. Carefree Sect is the most sacred, we keep to ourselves and operate alone, aren’t we free and leisurely? You are our Sect Leader, no one can control you in this world. You should shed your kasaya as soon as possible, grow your hair and take 17-18 young lady as wife. Why do you even care about Buddha or not? What prohibition against foul language, or prohibition against good language?”

As he spoke, Xu Zhu kept on reciting “Amituofo”. Xu Zhu said: “In front of me, don’t you ever say such blasphemous words against Buddha again. You said you have something to report to me, what is it?”

Kang GuangLing said: “Ayo, i am really old and muddle-headed, i didn’t talk about the main point after talking for so long. Martial uncle Sect Leader, don’t follow in my footsteps when you grow up. Terrible, terrible, i diverted from the main topic again, i didn’t talk about the main point, damn it! Martial uncle Sect Leader, i request a very important thing from you, i hope you can approve.”

Xu Zhu said: “What is this big thing that needs my approval, i am really not worthy.”

Kang GuangLing said: “Alas! This is an important sect matter, if i don’t seek approval from Sect Leader then who i ask for approval? The eight of us fellow apprentices, we were expelled by our Master, its not really our fault, its just that Master feared that Ding ChunQiu would try to harm us and he can’t bear to cut our tongue or pierce our eardrum, thus he expelled us. Today, Master took back his orders and let us rejoin the sect but he did not report this matter to Sect Leader, we have yet to formally pay our respects and become his disciples thus we can’t be considered as part of the sect, hence we hope to get permission from Sect Leader else we will still be lonely ghost without any sect till the day we die, we have no standings at all in the martial arts fraternity, its really unpleasant!”

Xu Zhu pondered: “This Sect Leader of Carefree Sect i definitely cannot take this position, but if i refuse their request they will definitely nag and tangle with me, i will just allow it and see how it goes.” He said: “Since your Master already permit it, naturally you all are part of the sect, why worry?”

Kang GuangLing rejoiced, he turn his head and shouted: “Martial brothers, the Sect Leader has allowed us to rejoin the sect!”

When the rest of the ‘Eight Friends of Hangu’ heard it, all of them are excited, 2nd brother ‘Chess Fanatic’ Fang BaiLing, 3rd brother ‘Bookworm’ Gou Du, 4th brother ‘Painting Expert’ Wu LingJun, 5th brother ‘Enemy of King of Hell’ Xue MuHua, 6th brother ‘Marvellous Craftsman’ Feng ASan, 7th sister ‘Flower Married Woman’ Shi QingFeng, 8th brother ‘Love Singing Opera’ Li KuiLei, all of them rush over to kowtow and give thanks to the Sect Leader, but when they thought about their Master who can’t witness them rejoin the sect, they cried bitterly.

Xu Zhu felt really embarrassed, ever single matter he handled further solidify his “Sect Leader” status, its getting harder and harder for him to break away from the responsibility. His a disciple of a famous orthodox school, Shaolin, but he ended up as the Sect Leader of some demonic sect, isn’t it absurd? He saw Fan BaiLing and the rest are so happy that they are in tears, if he object to being the Sect Leader now it would really spoil the mood, thus he had no choice but to shake his head and force a smile. As he turn his head, Murong Fu, Duan Yu, Wang YuYan, the six ‘Hui-generation’ monks as well as the corpse of XuanNan, all of them disappeared, only the 9 of them from Carefree Sect are left in the pine forest, Xu Zhu was surprised: “Yi, where did everyone go?”

Wu LingJun said: “Gentleman Murong and the senior monks from Shaolin saw us talking endlessly, they parted and left!”

Xu Zhu shouted: “AiYo!” he extended his legs and chase after them, he wanted to find HuiFang and the rest and return back to Shaolin to report back to the abbot and his own Master; at the same time, he also have the intention to slip away and break away from the disciples of Carefree Sect.

He travelled swiftly for an hour, running faster and faster but he never saw the six ‘Hui-generation’ monks. He is equipped with 70 years of Carefree Sect’s divine energy, his running speed is as fast as a fine horse, actually when he ran down the mountain ridge he already overtook the six ‘Hui-generation’ monks. He thought he was lagging behind and he kept on chasing, in his haste he did not notice the 6 monks around a corner of a mountain, after a few turns he already outpace them and left them far behind.

Xu Zhu kept on chasing until dusk, but he still did not see his martial uncles, he found it really strange and suspected that he must have took the wrong fork in the road and he backtrack 20 li and inquired information from passer-by, but nobody saw the 6 monks. Running back and forth, unexpectedly he did not feel tired at all, but its getting dark and he is getting hungry, he arrive at a restaurant at the outskirt of a small town, he found a seat and ordered two bowls of vegetarian noodles.

The vegetarian noodles did not arrive immediately and Xu Zhu glance around in all directions, suddenly he heard a clear and bright voice beside him: “Monk, you waiting for someone?” Xu Zhu turn his head, he saw a youngster wearing green robe sitting at the west seat beside a window, the youngster’s skin is fair and clear, appearance very beautiful, around 17-18 years of age, the youngster is grinning at him.

Xu Zhu said: “Yes! I want to ask little gentleman, did you see 6 monks?” the youngster said: “I didn’t see 6 monks, but i did see 1 monk.” Xu Zhu said: “En, 1 monk, may i ask little gentleman where you saw him?” the youngster replied: “I saw him right here in this restaurant.”

Xu Zhu pondered: “1 monk, then its not martial uncle HuiFang and the rest of the group. But i can still find out some information about this monk.” He said: “Gentleman, may i ask about the appearance of the monk? How old is he? He is headed in which direction?”

The youngster smiled and said: “This monk has high forehead and big ears, his mouth broad and thick lips, his nostril tilting upwards, his around 23-24 years old, his currently waiting for 2 bowl of vegetarian noodles in this restaurant, he has yet to leave.”

Xu Zhu laugh out loudly and said: “Little gentleman is referring to me.” The youngster said: “Gentleman is just gentleman, why the need to add the word ‘little’? I called you monk, i didn’t call you little monk.” This youngster’s voice is tender and delicate, its melodious and pleasant to the ears. Xu Zhu said: “Yes, i should address you as gentleman.”

While they were talking, the waiter had delivered the 2 bowl of vegetarian noodles. Xu Zhu said: “Gentleman, junior monk will start eating the noodles.” The youngster said: “Green vegetables and mushroom, no oil and grease, how can it be tasty? Come, come over here, i let you eat some boiled pork and roasted chicken.” Xu Zhu said: “Sin, sin. Junior monk has never touch meat and fish in his entire life, gentleman please help yourself.” As he finish speaking he turn his body around and start eating the noodles, his unwilling to look at the how the youngster eats the chicken and meat.

Xu Zhu is very hungry, in a short period of time he finish more than half a bowl of noodle, suddenly he heard the youngster shouted: “Yi, what is this?” Xu Zhu turn his head and saw the youngster holding a spoon with his right hand, the youngster scoop some soup and was about to drink it when he suddenly found some bizarre object, the spoon stop around half chi from his mouth, his left hand grasping something. The youngster stood up, his right hand pinching the object and he walk towards Xu Zhu and said: “Monk, look at this bug, isn’t it strange?”

Xu Zhu saw him pinching a small black beetle, this kind of beetle can be found everywhere, definitely not some strange object, Xu Zhu ask: “How is it strange?” the youngster said: “The shell of this beetle is hard and stiff, bright and glossy, it seems to be coated with a layer of oil.” Xu Zhu said: “En, ordinary beetle are like this.” The youngster said: “Really?” he drop the beetle on the floor, crush it with his feet and walk back to his seat. Xu Zhu sigh and said: “Sin, sin!” he lowered his head and resume eating his noodles.

He did not eat for an entire day, this noodle seems to be very fragrant and sweet, he even drank all the noodle broth, he took his second bowl of noodle and ate it, suddenly the youngster burst into loud laughter and said: “Monk, i thought you are a good monk with strict disciple, but you are really just a hypocrite!” Xu Zhu said: “I am a hypocrite?” the youngster said: “You said you never touch any meat and fish your entire life, but this bowl of chicken broth noodle, how come you ate it with gusto?” Xu Zhu said: “Gentleman you must be joking. This is obviously green vegetables and mushroom noodles, where is the chicken broth? I specially reminded the waiter, he cannot add the slightest bit of lard.”

The youngster smiled and said: “You said you never eat meat and fish, but when you drank the chicken broth you savoured it with relish. Monk, let me add another spoonful of chicken broth to that noodle!” as he finish speaking he scoop the soup from the roasted chicken and stood up.

Xu Zhu had a huge shock, he said: “You….you…..just now you….already….”

The youngster smiled and said: “Yes, just now i added a spoonful of chicken broth in that noodle, don’t tell me you didn’t see it? Ayo, monk, quickly close your eyes, pretend you didn’t see it, i will add a spoonful of chicken broth to you noodle, guarantee to enhance the flavour of the noodle, anyway you didn’t add it yourself, Buddha won’t blame you.”

Xu Zhu was shock and angry, he realize the beetle just now was meant to misdirect him and divert his gaze, the youngster used this opportunity to add a spoonful of chicken broth into the noodle, when he drank the noodle broth its indeed exceptionally tasty, but because he never drank chicken broth before he don’t know the taste, now that the chicken broth is already in his stomach, what should he do? Should he try to vomit it out? He really don’t know what to do for the moment.

The youngster suddenly said: “Monk, the 6 monks you are looking for, see they arrive here!” he pointed at the door.

Xu Zhu was excited he quickly rush to the door and look at the street, but there’s no monk at all. He knew he got cheated by the youngster again, he felt really unhappy, but monks cannot be angry and he forcefully repress his anger, he kept silent and return back to eat his noodles.

Xu Zhu pondered: “This little gentleman is so young, but he likes to play prank on me.” He picked up his chopsticks and quickly ate another half bowl of noodle, suddenly his teeth bite onto a smooth and greasy object, he was startled and quickly look at his bowl, there is a big piece of fatty meat within his noodles, but half of it is gone, obviously he ate it already. Xu Zhu slam his chopsticks on the table, he shouted: “Suffering, suffering!”

The youngster laugh and said: “Monk, this fatty meat is not nice? Why are you complaining?”

Xu Zhu said furiously: “You trick me to go to the door, but you put a piece of fatty meat at the bottom of the bowl. My….in my 23 years of life, i never touch meat and fish, but….all this is destroyed by you!”

The youngster gave a faint smile and said: “The taste of this fatty meat, isn’t it 10 times better than vegetables and tofu? You are really foolish not to eat it.”

Xu Zhu frown and stood up, he stick his right hand into his throat, he tried hard to vomit out the fatty meat but he can’t do it, his thoughts are in a whirl, suddenly he heard a disturbance outside, a lot of people entered the restaurant.

He gave a quick glance, among these people are XingXiu disciples, he secretly cried out: “Ayo, not good, i will die if i get caught by Old Freak of XingXiu!” he quickly rush to the rear door, trying to escape the restaurant, but when he open the door and entered its actually a bedroom. As Xu Zhu was about to step out of the room, he heard someone shout behind him: “Shop owner, shop owner, quickly bring some wine and meat!” the XingXiu disciples already entered the parlor.

Xu Zhu dare not step out of the room, he close the door lightly. Suddenly he heard someone said: “Find some place for this big belly monk to rest.” The voice is from Ding ChunQiu. A XingXiu disciple said: “Yes!” his footsteps heavy, he walk towards the bedroom. Xu Zhu was alarmed, he was at his wits end, he lowered his body and squeeze under the bed. His head went under the bed and bumped into something, a voice cried out softly: “Ah!” it seem someone was hiding under the bed. Xu Zhu was even more frighten, as he was about to withdraw the XingXiu disciple carried HuiJing and entered the bedroom, he put HuiJing on the bed and went out.

Xu Zhu heard someone whispering in his ear: “Monk, is the fatty meat tasty? What are you scared of?” its the youngster. Xu Zhu pondered: “You movement is quite nimble, you are even faster than me and hid yourself under the bed.” He spoke softly: “There’s a group of evil people outside, gentleman you definitely cannot make any sound.” The youngster said: “How you know they are evil people?” Xu Zhu said: “I recognize them. They murder people without blinking an eye, they are not playing around.”

The youngster was about to ask Xu Zhu to keep quiet, suddenly, HuiJing shouted: “There is someone under the bed, there is someone under the bed!”

Xu Zhu and the youngster was alarmed, both of them crawl out from under the bed. They saw Ding ChunQiu standing by the door, he is sneering at them, his expression very proud and yet malicious.

The youngster is so frightened that his face lost colour, immediately he knelt down and shouted: “Master!” Ding ChunQiu smiled and said: “Very good, very good! Hand it over.” The youngster said: “Its not with disciple!” Ding ChunQiu said: “Then where is it?” The youngster said: “Its at Liao Empire Nanjing city.” Ding ChunQiu revealed an ominous glint, he said in a deep and low voice: “You still trying to deceive me at this moment? I will make you life so miserable that you will be begging for death.” The youngster said: “Disciple don’t dare to lie to Master.” Ding ChunQiu gaze swept across to Xu Zhu, he ask the youngster: “How come your together with him?” The youngster said: “I met him just now at this restaurant.” Ding ChunQiu snorted: “Lies!” he stared ferociously at both of them and walk back out. Four XingXiu disciples rush into the bedroom and surrounded the two of them.

Xu Zhu was frighten and angry, he said: “So you are XingXiu disciple!”

The youngster stamped his feet and said fiercely: “Stinky monk, its your fault, you still dare comment on me!”

One of the XingXiu disciple said: “Senior martial sister, how are you?” his tone frivolous, his expression rejoicing in other people’s misfortune.

Xu Zhu ask curiously: “How come?….you….you….”

The youngster spit in contempt and said: “Stupid monk, stinky monk, obviously i am a woman, don’t tell me you can’t tell from a single glance?”

Xu Zhu pondered: “So this little gentleman is a woman, and she is also a XingXiu disciple, not only that, she is also their Senior martial sister. Oh my goodness, this is bad! She made me drink chicken broth and eat fatty meat, i am afraid she poisoned them.”

This youngster is AhZi in disguise. Although she has endlessly glory and wealth in Liao Empire, but her natural disposition is active and restless, after living there for a long time she started to feel bored, Xiao Feng is often busy with official business and cannot accompany her to go hunting or play. One day, she felt moody and left the Palace alone to play. Initially she planned to return by evening but she met someone along the way, unexpectedly this person provoke her with words, he said that although she is pretty but she did not have any male companions, its unavoidable that she will be lonely. AhZi recalled her tender sentiments towards Xiao Feng, but he never reciprocate it, she felt indignant and immediately thought of killing the person to vent her anger, the person escape quickly and AhZi pursued him for a long distance, finally she managed to kill the person with poison, but she was very far from Nanjing, thus she made us of this opportunity and explore Central Plains. She wandered around everywhere, its really a lucky coincidence as she managed to meet Xu Zhu and Ding ChunQiu at the same time. She played a prank on Xu Zhu and made him violate his religious precept, its purely on the spur of the moment and she did not have any other evil intentions.

AhZi thought her Master is living comfortably at XingXiu Sea, he will never come to Central Plains, unexpectedly, her Master personally came to Central Plains to get back the [Divine Wooden King Tripod] and they so happen to meet at this small restaurant. She is scared out of wits, she berated Xu Zhu loudly to try to force herself to calm down but that is useless as her voice trembled endlessly, she quickly tried to think of an idea to escape: “The only option is to trick Master to go to Nanjing, i will let brother-in-law kill Master, this is the only way out for me. Other than brother-in-law, no one else can defeat my Master. Luckily i left the [Divine Wooden King Tripod] at Nanjing, Master will definitely try to get back this rare treasure.”

As she thought of this idea she calmed down a little, but she is having second thoughts: “But what if Master get rid of all my martial arts and make me a handicap, after that he drag me to Nanjing, i am afraid this kind of torture is worse than death.” In a split second her face lost all its colour again.

A XingXiu disciple walk towards the door, he smile happily and said: “Senior martial sister, Master is summoning you.”

When AhZi heard the summon from her Master, its as if a mouse heard the purr of a cat, she is so frighten that her bones turned limp, she know that she cannot run away and followed the XingXiu disciple to the lobby.

Ding ChunQiu is seated alone at a table, there are food and wine on the table, the rest of the disciples stood far away with their hands straighten down, their expression reverent and respectful, they dare not breath heavily. AhZi step forward and call out: “Master!” she knelt down.

Ding ChunQiu said: “Where exactly is it?” AhZi said: “I dare not lie to Master, its indeed at Liao Empire Nanjing city.” Ding ChunQiu said: “Where is it located at Nanjing city?” AhZi said: “The official residence of Lord Xiao, Lord of Southern Chancellery.” Ding ChunQiu frown and said: “How come it fell into the hands of a Khitan dog?”

AhZi said: “It didn’t. When disciple reach the north, i fear losing Master’s treasure or accidentally damage it, thus i secretly buried it in the rear garden of Lord Xiao’s residence. The hiding spot is extremely secluded, the garden is around 400 hectares, other than disciple no one else can find this [Divine Wooden King Tripod], Master you can put your heart at ease.”

Ding ChunQiu sneered: “Only you can find it? Heng, little trash, you are really difficult to deal with, you trying to stop me from killing you! After killing you, i can’t find the [Divine Wooden King Tripod] correct?”

AhZi shivered, her voice trembled with fear: “If Master refuse to forgive disciple act of willfulness and strip all my martial arts, pick off all my tendon and veins, break my hand and feet, then disciple would rather die immediately and will never reveal the Divine Tripod…the Divine Tripod….the location of the Divine Tripod.” As she reach the end of her speech, she is so frightened that she can’t even articulate properly.

Ding ChunQiu smiled and said: “You little trash, you even dare to haggle with me. My XingXiu Sect have such a powerful figure like you, i did not guard against you beforehand, its really an oversight for Divine Elder of XingXiu!”

One of the XingXiu disciple suddenly shouted: “Divine Elder of XingXiu sees the past and future, you know the [Divine Wooden King Tripod] will be stolen, thus you made use of AhZi and let the treasure undergo hardships so that it can be further refined and increase the magic power of the Divine Tripod.”

Another disciple said: “All the things in this world, which one of them is not within the divine calculation of Divine Elder of XingXiu? Divine Elder is modest and dismissed his achievements, all disciples you cannot take it seriously!”

Another disciple said: “Divine Elder of XingXiu display his little trick and killed XuanNan a top expert from Shaolin, he also exterminate the Deaf Mute Old Man and his disciples, since ancient times, where can you find such person who achieve overwhelming victory? Little AhZi, no matter how crafty and scheming you are, you can never escape from the palm of Divine Elder of XingXiu. Stop trying to be stubborn and plead guilty.” Ding ChunQiu smiled and nod his head, he twirl his fingers and listen.

Xu Zhu is standing in the bedroom and he heard everything clearly, he pondered: “Martial grandfather and Mr Intelligent are indeed killed by Benefactor Ding. Alas, there is no need to even talk about revenge, i can’t even save my own small life.”

The crowd of XingXiu disciples all gave their remark, they kept urging AhZi to quickly surrender and confess honestly, while they are threatening her, more than half of the speech is praising the prestige of Divine Elder of XingXiu, for every sentence that is directed at AhZi they have to add another 3 sentence to sing praises on Ding ChunQiu.

The greatest craving in Ding ChunQiu’s entire life is to listen to other people flatter him, the more corny and sappy the speech, the happier he is, he is already flattered by his disciples for over 10 years, he firmly believes their speech and felt that their praises are true. If a disciple did not exaggerate the praise, he will feel the disciple is not loyal enough. All the disciples are fully aware of Ding ChunQiu’s temper, whenever there is an opportunity they will do their utmost and make a huge fanfare in their praises, they know their life will be in danger if their praises are lacking. In reality, these XingXiu disciples are not born shameless, they are merely shaped by their circumstances, if they don’t behave in a certain way they cannot survive, thus after a long time their habits became natural and they no longer feel any shame when flattering or singing praises.

Ding ChunQiu twirl his fingers in delight, his eyes are shut yet appears to be open, he is feeling smug and revel in the praises of his disciples. While fighting with Su XingHe, a huge portion of Ding ChunQiu’s long beard got burnt off, now only a few remains, afterwards he secretly deployed his deadly poison the and poisoned Su XingHe to death, thus he can be considered to be the victor in his battle with Su XingHe, now that he has fewer beard he appeared younger by 10 years.

He plotted secretly: “AhZi that little girl, its difficult for her to escape the control of Divine Elder, tomorrow i will accept her back as a maid. But that little monk in that bedroom, i need to deal with him carefully, unexpectedly he did not die from my , later i will use my [Great Energy Dissolving Skill] and kill his dog life. I will then be able to get my hands on the Sect Leader’s ‘Carefree Immortal Ring’, wonderful, wonderful!”

After the time taken to eat a meal, the praises gradually died down, however there is still some who delve deep into open discussion and kept on praising, Ding ChunQiu raise his left hand and the praises stopped immediately, the disciples said in unison: “The achievements and virtue of Divine Elder of XingXiu covers heaven and earth, disciples are simple minded, we are not worthy to convey your greatness.” Ding ChunQiu smiled and nod his head, he said to AhZi: “AhZi, what else you have to say?”

AhZi suddenly had an idea: “In the past, i was my Master’s favourite, its because my flattering and boot-licking skill stands out from the masses, i am different from this bunch of stupid people, 100 years later and they still keep on saying these cliches.” She said: “Master, disciple secretly took your [Divine Wooden King Tripod] to play, there is a reason behind it.”

Ding ChunQiu roll his eyes and ask: “What reason?”

AhZi said: “Master, previously you look older, your power isn’t as great as your current younger self, you gained power with the help of the Divine Tripod and use it to practice your skills. But in recent years, anyone who come across Master will witness your peerless magical powers, this Divine Tripod is merely an object that gathers poison, compared to the achievements of Master, its like comparing firefly with the sun, they cannot be mentioned in the same breath. If Master is unwilling to discard this Divine Tripod its only because of past sentiments, nothing more. All these disciples make a big fuss, they claim this Divine Tripod is some important treasure, it will delay important matters if its lost, they are really silly and stupid, they really look down on Master’s remarkable magical powers.”

Ding ChunQiu nod his head repeatedly and said: “En, en, your words are logical, your words are logical!”

AhZi continued: “Disciple thought, the martial arts of XingXiu Sect is so strong, the other sects all cannot be compared to us, but Master is gracious and magnanimous, you don’t want to argue with the lesser informed, its beneath your dignity to personally travel to Central Plains and teach these ill-informed people a lesson. But some of the people in the martial arts fraternity are arrogant, they knew Master won’t bicker with them and they started boasting and flaunting, they claim they are some kind of top expert or famous martial arts family. But no matter how they boast they still don’t dare to come to XingXiu Sea to receive a few moves from Master. Master’s appearance and mine are similar, they thought you are some newly recruited disciple, but they didn’t expect you to be the great founding father with unrivalled martial arts and peerless divine power. Everyone who practice martial arts all knows Master’s skill is deep and unfathomable, but its just ‘deep and unfathomable’, nobody can describe how ‘deep’ it is.”

Her voice is melodious, every single word registered deeply in Ding ChunQiu’s heart, it really is much better than the loud and tasteless praise from the rest of the disciples. Ding ChunQiu is getting more and more cheerful, his smiling so broadly that his eyes became a single line, he cannot help but nod repeatedly, feeling very pleased with himself.

AhZi continued: “Disciple had a childish thought, Master have such remarkable magic powers, if you don’t go to Central Plains and display a few moves these ill-informed people will never broaden their horizon, they will never know there is someone even better than them. Thus i had an idea, i want to invite Master to Central Plains and teach them some lessons. But if i just simply invite Master then its too ordinary, its not suited to the status of Master as the number one expert. Hence, disciple borrowed your Divine Tripod, the purpose is to urge Master to come to Central Plains and let everyone see you, the handsome youngster. Master is so young and handsome, you look like my younger brother, everyone calls you ‘Divine Elder of XingXiu’, its simply unreasonable. XingXiu Sect have such a handsome youngster like you, don’t tell me they have no eyes?” AhZi is naturally smart and intelligent, moreover all female have keen eye on ‘everlasting youth and good looks’, she long noticed that her Master is worried about the effectiveness of [Eternal Youth Never Ageing Skill], the more he worry about everlasting youth, the more she have to compliment that he is youthful, thus she says that calling him ‘Handsome Youngster of XingXiu’ is much better than ‘Divine Elder of XingXiu’. After she finish speaking, she noticed her Master’s expression is favourable and enchanted, it seems her words hit the correct main points.

Ding ChunQiu chuckled and said: “So you are saying that you took the Divine Tripod purely out of filial piety and obedience.” AhZi said: “Of course. But other than filial piety and obedience, disciple also have a selfish motive.” Ding ChunQiu frown and said: “What selfish motive?” AhZi smiled and said: “Master please don’t blame me, since i am a XingXiu disciple naturally i wish that my sect can dominate the entire world, isn’t it impressive to walk on the street and gain everyone’s respect and reverence? This is my selfish motive.”

Ding ChunQiu laugh out loudly and said: “Well said, well said! I have many disciples in my sect, none of them can match your quick-witted mind. So it turns out that stealing my [Divine Woode King Tripod] is to display my might and prestige. Hei hei, you really have the gift of the gab, its a pity to just kill you, i will then have one less person who can talk to me and relieve my boredom, but if i simply just let the matter rest then…….” AhZi quickly interrupted: “Although it may seem that disciple got off too lightly, but who isn’t grateful to Master’s great magnanimous spirit? From now on we will spare no effort and do our utmost, even if we have to get our bodies torn and bones crushed.”

Ding ChunQiu said: “This kind of word is useful for fooling others, but you try this on me, you really think i am old and muddle-headed? You harbour evil intentions.” AhZi quickly said: “To me, Master is a young urchin, ‘old and muddle-headed’ are the words used by the rest of the disciples to slander Master…….”

As she spoke, suddenly there is a clear and bright voice: “Shop owner, prepare a seat!”

Ding ChunQiu look from the side of his eyes, he saw a young gentleman wearing yellow robe, a long sword hanging by his waist, his sitting at the edge of a table, Ding ChunQiu did not know when this young gentleman entered the restaurant, the young man is Murong Fu. Ding ChunQiu was listening to AhZi, his feeling extremely happy, but at the same time he also kept his focus on the movements of Xu Zhu who is in the rear bedroom, his afraid that Xu Zhu might climb over the window and escape, thus he did not notice that another person suddenly appear in the restaurant, if Murong Fu had made a sneak attack Ding ChunQiu would have suffered a major loss. Ding ChunQiu trembled with fear at this thought, his countenance changed but he calm down immediately.

