# Chapter 33 – Enduring Anarchy, or Apocalypse

(Darkness Envelops Heaven and Earth, Star Shifting Movement)

Murong Fu greeted Ding ChunQiu: “Please to meet you, life is really full of coincidence, we just parted for a short while and we meet each other again.”

Ding ChunQiu smiled and said: “Fate brought us together.” Ding ChunQiu pondered: “Although this man is my relative-in-law but i wounded a few of his important subordinates, would he let the matter rest easily? Gusu Murong family got hold of the collection of martial arts manuals which i taken from Wuliang Cave, along with their own ancestral martial arts, their martial art knowledge is extremely deep and profound, ‘Returning you with your own move’ they are famous far and wide, his hidden weapon skill in firing the chess-piece is really formidable. Previously he entered into trance while playing chess, originally i wanted to seize the opportunity and eliminate him, but he was saved by someone else. Although this little boy martial arts is high, but he don’t know sorcery.” He turn his head and said to AhZi: “Just now you said that if i stripe you of all your martial arts, pick off all your tendon and veins, break your hand and feet, you would rather die than tell me the location of the object, correct?”

AhZi is extremely scared, her voice trembled: “Master is magnanimous and generous, there is no need……no need…..to take disciple’s nonsense…serio…….seriously.”

Murong Fu smiled and said: “Mr Ding, you are so old already, why lower your level and bicker with a child? Come come come, i give you three toasts, we will discuss literature and martial arts, isn’t it good? Tidying you sect matter in front of an outsider, isn’t it too damaging to your reputation?” he knew that in terms of relations, he should address Ding ChunQiu as ‘Great Uncle in-law’, but he simply refuse to address him as such.

Ding ChunQiu had yet to reply, a disciple shouted furiously: “You really have no respect for senior, my Master is the most revered supreme martial artist, how can he discuss literature and martial arts with a younger generation boy like you? Are qualified to discuss with my Master?”

Another person shouted: “Respectfully kowtow and ask for guidance, Divine Elder of XingXiu always love to help the underdeveloped, maybe he will give you a few pointers. But you want to discuss literature and martial arts with him, haha, aren’t you afraid that people will laugh until their mouth becomes slanted? Haha!” he laugh two times, but his expression is extremely odd, after a while, he laugh one more time again, his voice is hoarse, after laughing his mouth is wide open and he did not make any more sound, his expression is still odd and mysterious, his smile is really comical.

The rest of the disciples knew this person contracted their Master’s , everyone was overwhelmed with shock, this person is their fellow apprentice, they dare not breathe, they lowered their head and dare not look at their Master, they thought: “I wonder how he offended Master with his words just now, Master used such violent method to kill him? I have to carefully think about his words and refine them, i cannot repeat the same mistakes!”

Ding ChunQiu was furious yet fearful. Just now while talking to AhZi, he wave his sleeve, he secretly channelled his internal energy and send the poison at Murong Fu. The poison is colorless and odorless, the poison powder extremely fine, moreover the sky is already dark, the restaurant is dark and hazy, even with Murong Fu high level of martial arts he definitely cannot detect it, but Ding ChunQiu don’t know what kind of method Murong Fu employed as he manage to transfer the onto his own disciple. Its not big deal losing one disciple, but Murong Fu did not move his hand or feet while talking and somehow he manage to transfer the poison powder onto another person, obviously the powder was not repelled by internal energy, even with Ding ChunQiu extensive knowledge he still can’t figure out what kind of skills Murong Fu employed. Ding ChunQiu thought of the phrase: “Returning you with your own move!” The technique used by Murong Fu must be similar to ‘Catching and redirecting hidden weapons’, ‘Catching and redirecting darts’, ‘Catching and redirecting arrows’, Murong Fu must have caught the poison powder and redirected it back. But the powder is extremely fine, how can it not land on his body, and he immediately redirect it back?

Ding ChunQiu is having second thoughts: “But if we talk about ‘Returning you with your own move’, this should be return back to me, heng, its likely that this boy is afraid of Divine Elder, he don’t dare to pull the tiger’s whiskers.” When he thought of ‘pull the tiger’s whiskers’ he touch his beard, there is only 7-8 strands of burnt short-beard left, his felt vex and angry: “Later when i have time i will shave off this beard so that i can appear younger. Even with Su XingHe and XuanNan martial arts and internal energy they still died by Divine Elder’s hand, Murong Fu is still wet behind the ears, how can he even fight with me?” He said: “Gentleman Murong, fate really brought us together.” As he finish speaking his body floated forward, he wave his palm and hack down.

Murong Fu long heard of the evil reputation of Ding ChunQiu’s [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], he slanted his body and dodge. Ding ChunQiu chop 3 times in succession, Murong Fu used his exquisite body movement to evade, he did not match palm with him.

Both of them fought faster and faster, the small restaurant is filled with tables and stools, the place is really cramp, there is simply no room for action, but both of them weave and move between the tables and chairs, unexpectedly they did not make any sound at all, they did not match palm or fist, even the tables and chairs remain intact and did not move.

All the XingXiu disciples stood plastered to the wall, nobody dares to step out of the door, their Master is current fighting a formidable opponent, if anyone abandons him then he is committing a huge offense and is not loyal to the sect. Everyone knows the situation is dangerous, if they get caught by the palm wind their life will be in danger, they pray that their body can turn into a thin piece of paper as they desperately plaster themselves onto the wall. They saw Murong Fu is defending rather than attacking, although his palm move is wonderful but because he is unwilling to match palm with Ding ChunQiu, his hands and feet seems to be tied and he is at a disadvantage. The XingXiu disciples secretly rejoice.

After numerous moves, Ding ChunQiu became aware that Murong Fu is unwilling to match palm with him, obviously he is afraid of the [Great Energy Dissolving Skill]. Since his opponent is afraid of the skill, it goes without saying that he must use this skill to subdue him, but Murong Fu’s body movement is swift and unpredictable, its difficult to force him to match palm moves. After another few palm moves, Ding ChunQiu suddenly had an idea, his right palm wave horizontally and advance, but he pretended that his left hand is not as agile, he deliberately make an effort to cover it up so that Murong Fu won’t notice it.

Murong Fu’s martial art is exquisite, how can he not notice the slightest weakness in his opponent moves? Murong Fu slanted his body and made a half turn, suddenly he send out two palm strike, the power is very fierce, he is targeting Ding ChunQiu left torso. Ding ChunQiu snorted softly and retreated one step, unexpectedly he did not use his left palm to meet the palm strike. Murong Fu pondered: “The left torso of this Old Freak seems to have sustained some internal injury.” Immediately he press on and did not give any leeway, although his attacks seems to be focusing on the right side, but all his internal energy is completely focus on attacking the left side.

After fighting for 20 moves, Ding ChunQiu left hand withdraw into his sleeve, he flip his right palm and formed a claw, he clawed at Murong Fu’s face. Murong Fu tilted his body and spin past him, he stick out his fist and strike Ding ChunQiu’s left torso. Ding ChunQiu is waiting for this fist for a long time, his opponent finally strike out with his fist, he cannot help but feel delighted, immediately he fling his left sleeve at his opponent’s right arm.

Murong Fu pondered: “Even if the wind from your sleeve is 10 times more powerful, how can it even harm me?” he did not withdraw his fist, he channelled his internal energy to his arm and forcibly endure the sleeve’s attack, there is a ‘Chi’ sound, unexpectedly Murong Fu’s right sleeve was torn off. Murong Fu was shock, suddenly something seems to tighten around his fist, Ding ChunQiu had gripped his fist.

This move is beyond Murong Fu’s anticipation, he suddenly realized: “This Old Freak is pretending to be injured, he is trying to tempt me, i fallen into his trap!” he felt remorseful: “I was arrogant, i belittled this world famous Old Freak of XingXiu.” Currently its not possible for him to retreat, he poured his entire internal energy into his right fist and send it out.

Murong Fu did not expect the toxicity of the [Great Energy Dissolving Skill] to act immediately, the internal energy he sent through his meridians cannot be gathered in his right fist, it seems to have been dissolved by his opponent. Murong Fu secretly cried out: “Ayo!” he is fighting Ding ChunQiu for the first time, he concentrated his attention and did not give any chance to Ding ChunQiu to use his [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], unexpectedly he still can’t avoid it. Murong Fu is trapped with no way out, if he channel his internal energy to resist, no matter how strong his internal energy it will all be dissolved and he will lose all his internal energy; but if he defend and withdraw his internal energy, all kinds of poison from Ding ChunQiu will also follow his internal energy pathway and enter his inner organs.

As he hesitated, suddenly someone shouted behind him: “Master set up this clever trick, this stinky boy trapped himself in a desperate situation.” Murong Fu quickly retreated two steps, he stretch out his left palm and grab the chest of the XingXiu disciple.

The supreme consummate skill of Gusu Murong family is a technique that borrows force and redirect it back, its known as [Star Shifting Movement]. Outsiders are unaware of this technique, they only know about the brilliant skills of Murong family’s ‘Returning you with your own move’, when dealing the killing blow the Murong family will always use the opponent’s signature move or unique consummate skills, the Murong family knows everything and is proficient in all of them. In reality, there are tens of thousands of moves and unique consummate skills, no matter how smart you are you can never master every single technique, moreover for unique consummate skills you definitely cannot learn it within a short period of time. Murong family have this incomparably ingenious technique, [Star Shifting Movement], regardless of the martial arts used, all the force can be shifted and redirected back at the opponent.

For those adept in [Throat Sealing Sword], if they thrust their sword at Murong Fu’s throat, Murong Fu will use [Star Shifting Movement] and the sword will end up thrusting their own throat, the weapon, the force, the technique, all of them come from their own move; For those adept in [Gate Breaking Knife], they will chop down with their knife but end up chopping their own arm. The weapon is their own, the technique and move is their own. As long as no one witness how Murong Fu use this [Star Shifting Movement], no one will suspect that these people died due to suicide. Murong Fu inherited the technique from his father, both father and son train painstakingly and secretly in the cellar of Canhe Manor, outsiders are completely ignorant about it, Gusu Murong family shakes the martial arts fraternity by force, but nobody knows their true martial arts.

The opponent’s weapons, fists, kicks, they act and suffer for it, the sole reason is due to redirection. Its the same logic as punching a stone wall, the harder the force exerted, the harder the counter-force by the stone wall. However, its easy to redirect tangible objects such as weapons, fists and kicks, but its extremely difficult to redirect internal energy attacks. Although Murong Fu practice this set of skill for many years, but he is limited by his young age and he have yet to reach the pinnacle of this skill, thus he cannot use [Star Shifting Movement] on top experts like Ding ChunQiu to redirect the attacks back at him, however he made use of this good opportunity and displayed his [Star Shifting Movement] on the XingXiu disciple. He shifted and redirected, but its targeted at the XingXiu disciple.

Currently, Murong Fu is trapped by the [Great Energy Dissolving Skill], he tried to redirect his opponent’s finishing blow, luckily the XingXiu disciple is eager to fawn upon Ding ChunQiu, he shouted and revealed his exact position. In an act of desperation, Murong Fu did not have time to think and he simply grabbed the XingXiu disciple and immediately shifted and redirected, he swapped position with him. This risky manoeuvre unexpectedly worked, Ding ChunQiu intended to ‘dissolve’ Murong Fu’s internal energy, but as he transmit his poison he actually ‘dissolve’ the energy of his own disciple.

Murong Fu succeeded in a single attempt and escape mortal danger, he quickly made use of this good opportunity and did not give Ding ChunQiu any chance to think, he push the XingXiu disciple onto another XingXiu disciple. The internal energy of this 2nd disciple is immediately sealed by the poison of Ding ChunQiu’s [Great Energy Dissolving Skill].

Ding ChunQiu saw Murong Fu redirecting his force and harming his own disciples, he is extremely angry, but he pondered: “If i protect these worthless disciples and release his fist, then it will be extremely difficult to grab hold of him again. My XingXiu Sect will suffer a huge defeat and Divine Elder of XingXiu cannot establish his might in Central Plains.” Immediately he increase pressure in his fingers, no matter what happen he won’t release Murong Fu’s fist, poison transmit endlessly from his palm.

Murong Fu retreated a few steps, he quickly grab another XingXiu disciple and diverted the poison of [Great Energy Dissolving Skill] onto the disciple’s body. In no time three XingXiu disciples had their internal energy sealed, they lie down on the floor paralyzed. Everyone was greatly astonish, they saw Murong Fu retreat towards them, all of them cry out in alarm and flee for their lives. Murong Fu shakes his arm, the three poisoned XingXiu disciples stick together and flew up, one of them bump against another disciple. The person cry out in alarm and his body instantly turns soft.

The remaining disciples could see it clearly, as long as their Master refuse to release Murong Fu he will just keep on borrowing force to harm others, inevitably their internal energy will be ‘dissolved’ by their Master and they might be the next victim, they panic but no one dares to escape and step out of the door, they scurried around like rats to avoid suffering from their Master’s poison hands.

But the restaurant is simply too small, Murong Fu wave his arm and he manage to hit 3-4 XingXiu disciple. Ding ChunQiu saw his disciples dodging pathetically, no one have the time to praise him. He is angry yet ashamed, he pondered: “If i defeat Gusu Murong it will be a famous event that shake the entire world. By then, won’t it be easy to find disciples who can boast and boot-lick?” Ding ChunQiu surveyed his surroundings, of all his disciples only two did not run around, one of them is You TanZhi, he is squatting at a corner with his iron-head between his arms, obviously he is very scared, the other person is AhZi, her complexion is pale, she is squatting at another corner and observing the fight.

Ding ChunQiu shouted: “AhZi!” AhZi is currently in a daze, unexpectedly her Master shouted at her, she stare stupidly for a while and said: “Master, Divine Junior of XingXiu displaying his immortal power…….” she only complete half her sentence as she found it awkward, she laugh and could not carry on talking. Her Master is indeed displaying his immortal power, but he is injuring his own disciples, thus she don’t know how to praise him.

Ding ChunQiu cannot control Murong Fu, he is feeling extremely vex, AhZi address him as “Divine Junior of XingXiu”, although this name is pretty good but her smiling expression is obviously ridiculing him, he cannot help but feel angry and his lust for violence burst forth, he wave his left sleeve and brush away two chopsticks on the table, the chopsticks flew swiftly towards AhZi’s eyes.

AhZi cried out: “Ayo!” she quickly extended her hands to smack down the chopsticks, however she is slower by one step, the chopsticks touch both her eyes, she felt itchy and numb, she quickly use her sleeve to rub her eyes, she open her eyes, all she saw was white shadows swaying, after a short period of time the white shadows gradually disappear and it was completely pitch-black.

She was scared out of her wits, she shouted loudly: “My….my eyes…..my eyes….i can’t see anything!”

Suddenly a burst of cold air entered her body, immediately after an arm wrap around her waist, someone hugged her and ran out of the restaurant. AhZi shouted: “My….my eyes….” there is a crashing sound behind her, it seems to be clashing of palms, AhZi felt as if she was soaring on cloud and she flew up, she was in a daze and vaguely heard Murong Fu shout: “I cannot accompany you anymore. Old Freak of XingXiu, see you……”

******

AhZi felt the cold chilling her to the bone, the wind is rushing beside her ears, someone who is colder than ice is hugging her and running madly. She is so cold that her jaws hit each other, she moaned: “So cold….my eyes….cold, so cold.”

The person said: “Yes, yes. We will flee to that forest, Divine Elder of XingXiu won’t be able to find us.” He kept talking and running at the same time. After a while, AhZi felt his footsteps stop, he put her down lightly, there is a rustling sound underneath her body, she is put onto of a pile of dried leaves. The person said: “Miss, how….how is your eyes?”

AhZi felt sharp pain in her eyes, she open her eyes fully but she can’t see anything at all, everything turn into black, she realize her eyes had been blinded by Ding ChunQiu’s poison, she burst into tears: “I….i am blind!”

The person comforted her softly: “Maybe it can be treated.” AhZi said furiously: “The poison of Old Freak Ding is so powerful, how can it be treated? You are lying! I am blind, i am blind!” and she continue to cry loudly. The person said: “There is a brook nearby, let us go over there and wash off the poison in your eyes.” As he finish speaking he pulled her right hand and supported her up.

AhZi felt his palm is strangely cold, she cannot help but withdraw, the person released his grip. AhZi move two steps, she stumbled and almost fall down. The person said: “Careful!” and he grip her hand again. This time AhZi did not withdraw her hand and she allowed him to guide her to the brook. The person said: “Don’t be scared, we are at the brook already.”

AhZi knelt down and scoop the water with her hands to wash her eyes. The cool water touch her eyes and her pain gradually diminish, but her vision is still completely black, she can’t see any light. In a split second she felt hopelessness, grieve, anger, helplessness, all kinds of emotions surge forth, she sat down and burst into tears, both her legs move up and down and beat the brook, she cried: “You are lying, you are lying, i am blind, i am blind!”

The person said: “Miss, don’t be sad. I won’t leave you…you….rest assured.”

AhZi felt somewhat comforted, she ask: “You….who are you?” the person said: “I….i….” AhZi said: “Sorry! Many thanks for saving me. What is your honourable name?” the person said: “I….i….Miss you don’t know me.” AhZi said: “You are unwilling to even tell me your name, still lie to me that you won’t leave me, i….i am blind, its….its better for me to just die.” She started crying again.

The person said: “Miss you definitely must not die. I….i will never leave you. If Miss allow me to accompany you, i will always…..i will always be at your side.” AhZi said: “I don’t believe you! You are lying, you are trying to trick me not to seek death. I want to die, i am blind, what the point in living?” The person said: “I will never lie to you, if i leave you then i will die a horrible death.” His tone is anxious, obviously he is sincere. AhZi said: “Then who are you?”

The person said: “I…i am JuXian Manor….no, no, my surname is Zhuang, named JuXian.”

The person who saved AhZi is the young master of JuXian Manor, You TanZhi.

AhZi said: “So you are Zhuang….senior Zhuang, many thanks for saving me.” You TanZhi said: “I am very happy to be able to save you from the poisonous hands of Ding ChunQiu, there is no need to thank me. I am not a senior, i am only older than you by a few years.” AhZi said: “En, then i will call you elder brother Zhuang.” You TanZhi felt boundless joy, he voice trembled: “This…this…i don’t deserve it.”

AhZi said: “Elder brother Zhuang, i need to request something from you.” You TanZhi said: “Don’t need to request, Miss just give your instruction, i will disregard my life and do my best to fulfil it.” AhZi smiled and said: “You and i are total strangers, why you treat me so well?” You TanZhi said: “Yes, yes, yes we are total strangers, i never see you before, you, you also never see me before. We…we are seeing each other for the first time.” AhZi said dimly: “Seeing each other? I will never be able to see you.” As she said this she cannot help it and her tears rolled down.

You TanZhi quickly said: “Its not important. Its best that you can’t see me.” AhZi ask: “Why?” You TanZhi said: “My…my appearance is very ugly, if Miss sees me you will definitely be unhappy.” AhZi smile sweetly and said: “You are lying again, i have seen all the weirdest people in the world. I have a slave, he is wearing an iron mask, he can never take it off, he is truly ugly. If you see him i guarantee you will laugh for 3 days and 3 nights. You want to look at him?”

You TanZhi is trembling: “No, no! I don’t want to see.” He cannot help but retreat 2 steps.

AhZi said: “Your martial art is good, when you carried me and run your speed is almost as fast as my brother-in-law, but you are a coward, you don’t even dare to see an iron-head man. Elder brother Zhuang, that iron-head man is very amusing, i ask him to do cartwheel for you, i ask him to stick his head inside a tiger cage and let the beast bite his head. Then i ask someone to fly him like a kite, its really fun and interesting.”

You TanZhi cannot help but shiver, he said: “I don’t want to see, i really don’t want to see.”

AhZi sigh and said: “Fine. Just now you claim that you will fulfil whatever request that i have, it seems you are lying.” You TanZhi said: “No, no! I won’t lie to you. Miss what you want me to do?”

AhZi said: “I want to return to my brother-in-law, he is at Nanjing in Liao Empire. Elder brother Zhuang, please escort me there.”

You TanZhi is stunned, he did not reply.

AhZi said: “Why? Your unwilling?” You TanZhi said: “No…its not that i am unwilling, but…..but i don’t want……i don’t want to go to Liao Empire.” AhZi said: “I ask you to go look at the amusing iron-head man and you refuse. Now i ask you to escort me to my brother-in-law and you also refuse. Then i just have to travel alone.” She slowly stood up, she extend her hands and move forward to find a path.

You TanZhi said: “I will accompany you! How can you go alone….how can you succeed like this?”

You TanZhi hold onto AhZi’s soft and smooth hand and guided her out of the forest, he pondered: “If i can hold onto her hand like this and walk slowly, even if we are walking to the 18th level of hell i will also be happy.”

They reach the main road and came face to face with a group of beggars. The leader of the group is tall and thin, his appearance refine, You TanZhi recognize him as Great Wisdom Hall-Master Quan GuanQing, You TanZhi pondered: “My Master injure these people, unexpectedly they did not die.” He did not want to meet them and he quickly drag AhZi to get off the main road and walk towards wasteland. AhZi felt the terrain is uneven and bumpy, she ask: “What happen?”

You TanZhi had yet to reply as Quan GuanQing spotted them, he quickly rush over to block them and shouted in a stern voice: “Your behaviour is secretive, what you trying to do? You….you are so strange-looking, what is that?”

You TanZhi was very anxious, he thought: “If he shouts out ‘iron-head man’ then AhZi will immediately know who i am, she will not pay attention to me anymore. She won’t let me hold onto her hand and accompany her to Nanjing.” He quickly made some hand gestures to warn Quan GuangQing not to reveal his appearance.

Quang GuangQing did not understand the meaning of his hand gestures, he ask curiously: “What you doing?” You TanZhi pointed at AhZi, he wave his hands, he pointed at his mouth and wave his hands again, after that he cupped his fists as a sign of respect. Quan GuangQing could tell that AhZi is blind, he vaguely understands that the iron-head man is asking him not to speak, as he was thinking about what to do the rest of the beggars had rush to his side.

One of the beggars pointed at You TanZhi’s head and burst into loud laughter, he shouted: “This is so strange, this iron……” You TanZhi threw himself forward and strike out with his palm. The beggar raise his hands to block, there is a few ‘Kala Kala’ sound, the beggar’s arm bone and ribs broke simultaneously, his body flew up a few zhang and landed on the floor, he died violently.

The rest of the beggars are shock and furious, five of them attack You TanZhi together. You TanZhi wave both his palms, he strike and slap randomly. His martial art is lousy, it cannot be compared with these beggars, but his palm moves everywhere and sounds of ‘Kala’, ‘Kala’, ‘Ayo’, ‘Aiyo’, ‘Peng Peng Peng’, ‘Pu Pu’, the five beggars all flew up and landed on the ground, they died one after another. Everyone was terrified, after surrounding You TanZhi and AhZi they dare not step forward to attack.

You TanZhi suddenly cupped his fists and salute Quan GuanQing, he pointed at AhZi and at his iron-head, he wave his hands.

Quan GuanQing saw him killed six beggars with just a few wave of his hands, his internal energy is extremely profound, such power is rarely seen, he can simply step forward and attack but he made a salute, Quan GuanQing don’t understand his intentions, he copied You TanZhi and made hand gestures, he pointed at AhZi, pointed at You TanZhi’s head, pointed at his own mouth and wave his hands. You TanZhi was overjoyed and nod his head repeatedly. Quan GuanQing had an idea: “This person’s internal energy is strangely profound, but his scared that i will leak out his secret, it seems i can use this matter to control him and make use of him.” At once he said to the rest of the beggars: “Everyone please keep quiet, nobody is allowed to speak.” You TanZhi is very happy, he cupped his fists at Quan GuanQing again.

AhZi ask: “Elder brother Zhuang, who is it? Did you kill someone?” You TanZhi said: “Its some friends from Beggar Clan, we had some misunderstandings. Great Wisdom Hall-Master Quan is benevolent and righteous, he is a good person, i respect him alot. I….i accidently harmed a few of his brothers, i feel very apologetic.” As he finish speaking he bow to the rest of the beggars.

AhZi said: “Is there good people in Beggar Clan? Elder brother Zhuang, your martial art is so high, why don’t you simply kill them all and help my brother-in-law vent his resentment.”

You TanZhi quickly said: “No, no, this a misunderstanding. Hall-Master Quan is my good friend, just wait there, i will clarify the matter with Hall-Master Quan.” As he finish speaking he beckon Quan GuanQing over.

Guan GuanQing was baffled as this iron-head man recognize him, but it seems he does not have any evil intention, he followed and they move away 10 zhang.

You TanZhi saw that AhZi is far away from him, she definitely cannot hear him speak, but he is afraid that the Beggar Clan’s members will hurt her, he dare not move further anymore and stop, he cupped his hands and said: “Hall-Master Quan, i hope you can help me cover up the truth, i will never forget your great kindness and virtue.”

Quan GuanQing said: “The ongoing of this matter, i really can’t make head or tail of it. May i know the honourable name of respected brother?” You TanZhi said: “My surname is Zhuang, named JuXian, i met some unfortunate incident and this iron mask ended up on my head, you cannot let that lady know of this matter.”

Quan GuanQing notice that You TanZhi kept looking at AhZi while speaking, he is very caring and passionate, Quan GuanQing already deduced 70-80% of this matter, he pondered: “This young lady is pretty and elegant, this iron-head man must be in love with her, he is afraid of letting her know about his grotesque appearance.” He ask: “Brother Zhuang, how come you recognize me?” You TanZhi said: “Your Great Wisdom Hall had a gathering to discuss who to nominate as Clan Leader, i happen to be nearby and heard someone address you as Hall-Master Quan. I accidentally injure some of your brothers today, really….its really my fault, i hope Hall-Master Quan can forgive me.”

Quan GuanQing said: “Its just some misunderstanding, there is no need to take offense. Brother Zhuang, this object on your head, i will never speak about it, later i will inform my subordinates and they will also not speak about it.” You TanZhi is so grateful that he is nearly in tears, he cupped his hands repeatedly and said: “Many thanks, many thanks.” Quan GuanQing said: “But Brother Zhuang, if you walk hand in hand with this lady its unavoidable that you will meet some people, they will definitely make a huge fuss and shout it out, even if Brother Zhuang kills all of them it will be too late.”

You TanZhi said: “Yes, yes.” After saving AhZi his mind is drifting, he never consider such matters, after hearing Quan GuanQing logical deduction he did not have any idea on what to do, he stammered: “I…i will hide with her in some deserted mountain.”

Quan GuanQing smiled and said: “I am afraid that lady will be suspicion, moreover if both of you become husband and wife, sooner or later she will know.”

You TanZhi felt his chest heating up, he said: “Become husba…..husband and wife, i didn’t think of that, its not possible, how am i…..worthy? But….but….that is really difficult.”

Quan GuanQing said: “Brother Zhuang, you didn’t abandon me and say that i am your good friend. Since i am your good friend, i will think of an idea for you. Let’s do this, we will travel to the small town ahead and rent a carriage, you and that lady will sit in the carriage, just lower the curtains and no one can see you anymore.” You TanZhi is very excited, his able to sit together with AhZi in a carriage, its even better than being an immortal, he quickly said: “Correct, correct! Hall-Master Quan’s idea is great.”

Quan GuanQing said: “After that we will think of an idea to remove this iron mask from Brother Zhuang, i assure you the lady will never know about this awkward matter. What do you think?”

There is a ‘Pu’ sound, You TanZhi knelt down and kowtow to Quan GuanQing, his iron-head knock on the floor and made a ‘Dong Dong’ sound.

Quan GuangQing also knelt down and return the courtesy, he said: “Brother Zhuang you pay such respect to me, how can i accept it? If Brother Zhuang don’t mind why don’t both of us become sworn brothers?” You TanZhi said happily: “Wonderful, wonderful! I don’t understand anything, if i have such a resourceful elder brother like you to guide me then it couldn’t be much better.” Quan GuanQing burst into loud laughter and said: “Elder brother is older than you by a few years, i will be blunt and address you as younger brother from now on.”

******

During the earth shattering battle between Ding ChunQiu and Su XingHe, Duan Yu’s gaze never left Wang YuYan body at all, as for Wang YuYan she is always gazing tenderly at her cousin Murong Fu. Both their gaze never meet each other.

After Ding ChunQiu suffered a defeat and escaped, Xu Zhu and the rest of the Carefree Sect members had their own private meeting, Murong Fu and the rest left by themselves, thus Duan Yu involuntarily followed behind Wang YuYan.

As they travelled down the mountain, Murong Fu cupped his hands towards Duan Yu and said: “Brother Duan, its fortunate that we get to meet today, we will part now, hope to see you again.” Duan Yu said: “Yes, yes. Its really a fortunate meeting today, we will part now, hope to see you again.” But he still kept on staring at Wang YuYan. Murong Fu felt disgruntled, he snorted, turn around and walk away. Duan Yu is reluctant to part and also followed them.

Bao BuTong raise his hands and block in front of Duan Yu, he said: “Gentleman Duan, today you save my young master, many thanks.” Duan Yu said: “No need to be so formal.” Bao BuTong said: “We already offered out thanks, there is no more gratitude or debt. You keep staring at our Miss Wang, its really rude, now you still want to follow us, its extremely rude. You are an educated person, you should understand: ‘Do not look at something contrary to courtesy, do not do something contrary to courtesy’, you understand the meaning? I don’t have any muscular strength on me now but i still have strength to curse people.” Duan Yu gave a sigh, he shakes his head and said: “Since this is the case then its best that Brother Bao do not say something contrary to courtesy, i will not look at something contrary to courtesy.”

Bao BuTong burst into loud laughter and said: “Now you are correct!” he turn around and followed Murong Fu. Wang YuYan is engross in chatting with Murong Fu, she completely ignored Duan Yu.

Duan Yu kept staring at Wang YuYan until her shadow disappear from the forest, he is still entrance, Zhu DanChen said: “Young master, let us go!” Duan Yu said: “Yes, its time to leave.” But he still did not move, Zhu DanChen had to urge him 3 more times before he finally mounted the horse brought by Gu DuCheng. Duan Yu is riding on the horse but his eyes are still looking at the path taken by Wang YuYan.

After handing over the letter to Quan GuanQing, Duan Yu hurried back to report to Duan ZhengChun, as the chess meet is nearing, Duan Yu got permission from his father and Zhu DanChen and the rest of the guards accompanied him to the chess meet. Sure enough, he finally get to meet his sweetheart at the chess meet, but now he is distress and anxious, he really don’t know whether meeting her is good or bad.

The group travelled for 20 li, on the main road a dust cloud is gathering as 10 riders gallop over, they are the three ministers of Dali, Hua HeGen, Fan Hua and Ba TianShi, as well as Cui BaiQuan, Guo YanZhi and the rest. The party gallop near them and they dismounted and salute Duan Yu. It seems the martial nephew of Cui BaiQuan had obtained some insiders information at Funiu Mountain, they know that Prince Zhennan is in Henan province and is nursing his injuries nearby at Funiu Mountain, thus they immediately came to visit, it so happens that Hua HeGen and the rest received orders from Duan ZhengChun to protect Duan Yu as he is afraid that Duan Yu might meet some danger at the chess meet, thus everyone met up and followed along. The group heard that Duan YanQing also attended the chess meet, but luckily he did not harm Duan Yu and everyone was relief.

Zhu DanChen secretly reported to Fan Hua and the other two minister on how Duan Yu met the pretty lady from Gusu Murong family, how he kept staring at her, how he seems to have lost his soul and tried to follow them, luckily the other party rejected Duan Yu. Fan Hua and the rest look at each other and smile, they pondered: “Young Prince inherited from his family and is also philandering by nature. If he can forget about his passion towards his own sister, Miss Mu, then its a good thing.”

At night fall, the party had their dinner at an inn. Fan Hua narrated their journey in Jiangnan, he said: “Young master, the Murong family is very secretive, in the future if you meet them you have to be very careful.” Duan Yu said: “Why?” Fan Hua said: “The three of us received orders from the Prince, we went to Suzhou’s Basin of Swallow and investigated the house of Murong family, we were looking for hints or clues as to whether Shaolin Master XuanBei was killed by Murong family.” Cui BaiQuan and Guo YanZhi were deeply concern, they ask in unison: “Did the three of you find anything?” Fan Hua said: “The three of us did not openly seek an audience, we investigated secretly, there is no male or female owner at Murong house, only a few servants and maids. There are quite a few large manor there but there is only one young lady called AhBi tending to the housework.” Duan Yu nod his head and said: “En, this Miss AhBi is a very good person. You didn’t harm her correct?”

Fan Hua smiled and said: “We didn’t, we investigated for a few night, we searched every single corner of Murong family’s manor, we didn’t find anything unusual. Brother Ba suddenly thought of something, that foreign monk Jiumozhi kidnap Young master from Dali to Jiangnan, he said he wanted to offer sacrifice at Mr Murong’s grave…..” Cui BaiQuan interrupted and said: “Ya, that little servant girl at the manor, she refuse to lead the foreign monk to the grave, luckily she acted that way and Young master manage to escape from the evil hands of the monk.”

Duan Yu nod his head and said: “AhZhu and AhBi, the two of them are really good people. I wonder what happen to them? Is AhBi still healthy and well?” Ba TianShi smiled and said: “For three nights, we hang around outside the window and saw Miss AhBi sewing a man’s robe, Young Master, she is sewing it for you correct?” Duan Yu quickly said: “No, no. Mostly probably its for her Young Master Murong.” Ba TianShi said: “Ya, i notice that little servant girl is infatuated and head over heels in love, always thinking about her Young Master Murong, the three of us entered the house and she didn’t notice it at all. She kept mumbling to herself: ‘Its useless, its useless, he won’t care about me the least bit, what’s the point in thinking about him?’” Bai TianShi’s speech is directed at Duan Yu, reminding him not to follow his father’s footstep, spreading his love everywhere, Bai TianShi emphasize AhBi’s concerns toward her Young Master Murong, thus Duan Yu should not think too much about AhBi.

In reality, although Duan Yu had good impression of AhBi but it is not passion, Duan Yu sigh: “Correct, AhBi is correct, ‘Its useless, its useless, she won’t care about me the least bit, what’s the point in thinking about her?’” AhBi long for her Young Master Murong, but Duan Yu misunderstood it and thought AhBi is advising him not to think about Wang YuYan, Duan Yu said: “Gentleman Murong’s elegance is without equal, no wonder! Moreover they are cousins, they are childhood sweethearts who grew up together…..”

Fan Hua, Ba TianShi and the rest look at each other in dismay, they pondered: “Its possible for the little servant girl and her Young Master to be childhood sweethearts, but how come they are cousins?” they did not expect Duan Yu to mix Wang YuYan into the issue.

Cui BaiQuan ask: “Minister Fan and Minister Ba mention that the foreign monk wanted to visit Mr Murong’s grave, what is the reasoning behind it? How is it related to the death of my martial brother?” Fan Hua said: “I mentioned this matter so that everyone can analyze it together. When elder brother Hua heard the word ‘grave’, his hands immediately became itchy and said: ‘Maybe there is something strange in that old man’s grave, let us go dig it and check it out.’ Brother Ba and i did not support his idea, Gusu Murong family is world famous, our Duan family digging their grave, its really a bit too much. But elder brother Hua said: ‘We will secretly go in by digging an underground tunnel, who will know about it?’ both of us can’t dissuade him and thus we just followed his idea. The grave is located at the rear of the manor, its very well hidden and secluded, its really not easy to find. The three of us dug out way into the grave and we open the coffin, brother Cui, guess what we saw?”

Cui BaiQuan and Guo YanZhi stood up at the same time and ask: “What is inside?”

Fan Hua said: “The coffin is empty, there is no corpse.”

Cui BaiQuan and Guo YanZhi open their mouth widely, they were speechless for quite some time. After a long time, Cui BaiQuan smack his thigh and said: “Murong Bo did not die. He ask his son to appear in public at Central Plains, he is several thousand li away and committing murder, he deliberately complicate the matter. My martial brother….my martial brother must have been killed by that evil Murong Bo!”

Fan Hua shakes his head and said: “Brother Cui you once told me that Murong Bo martial art is unmeasurably deep and profound, if he really wants to kill someone he can use other method, why must he purposely use ‘Returning you with your own move’ and let other people suspect he is Murong family? If he really wants the martial arts fraternity to know his power why the need to feign death? If not for elder brother Hua, who else can uncover this secret?”

Cui BaiQuan sat down, he is disappointed, he thought he knew the truth but the matter is still a complete mystery.

Duan Yu said: “There are thousands and tens of thousands of techniques from the various sects and schools, to master and understand the essence of every single skill, its really the same as flying to heaven, but he somehow had enough intelligence and wisdom, he understood all the martial arts thoroughly…..”

Cui BaiQuan said: “Ya, my martial brother’s move, [Splitting Heaven Soul Into Thousand], its a secret move of my Funiu Sect not passed on to outsider, how come he knows it, how did he use this move to kill my martial brother?”

Duan Yu shakes his head and said: “Naturally she knows it, but she does not even have the strength to kill a chicken, even though she knows the martial arts of various sects and schools but she cannot use them, she is kind and virtuous, she will never kill people.”

Everyone look at each other in dismay, after a while, they slowly shake their head at the same time.

******

When AhZi was blinded by Ding ChunQiu, You TanZhi bravely dash in without concern for his own safety and escaped with her. Ding ChunQiu was slightly distracted, the strength in his finger slacken a little, Murong Fu made use of the opportunity and immediately executed his [Star Shifting Movement], Ding ChunQiu five fingers gripped his own disciple. Murong Fu’s fist was released, he quickly leap out and laugh heartily and shouted: “I cannot accompany you anymore. Old Freak of XingXiu, hope to see you again.” He executed his lightness martial art, he did not turn his head back and left quickly.

He manage to injure around 10 XingXiu disciples, he achieved overwhelming victory, he avenged his four henchmen who were poisoned by XingXiu sect, in the end he was even able to escape, he is really lucky, however his meridians still sustained minor injury. After meeting up with Wang YuYan, Deng BaiChuan and the rest, they live in at a small inn and recuperated their injuries.

After a few days, Bao BuTong and Feng BoE regained their strength, Murong Fu, Deng BaiChuan and GongYe Gan also recovered from their injuries. The six of them did not know the whereabouts of AhZhu, they miss her alot, thus they discuss and decided to go to Luoyang to find information about her whereabouts. Previously, Bao BuTong, Ah Zhu and Xiao Feng had a brief meet up, after that Xiao Feng mistakenly injure AhZhu but none of them found out about the matter.

They did not find the slightest bit of information at Luoyang, Murong Fu felt its not worth his time to spent so much effort on a little servant girl, thus he headed west to find out about the recent development in the martial arts fraternity, he also thought about gathering more henchmen so as to expand his plans in reviving his dynasty. On this day, the six of them travelled hastily, they miss the place where they can lodge for the night and they kept travelling till dark, however there are still on the mountain path, the road is rugged and the wild grass are getting longer. Feng BoE said: “I am afraid we took the wrong path, most likely we took a wrong turn.” Deng BaiChuan said: “Let us find a cave or abandoned temple and rest for the night.”

Feng BoE quickly dash forward to scout for a safe shelter, he surveyed the surroundings, the mountain path is precipitous, terrain rugged. Feng BoE can lie down anywhere and sleep soundly, but he have to find some place suitable for Wang YuYan and the task is really not easy. He ran for a few li and rounded a hillside, suddenly he some a light at the right-hand side of a valley, Feng BoE was excited, he turn back and shouted: “There is someone living here.”

Murong Fu and the rest followed his voice and rush over. GongYe Gan said happily: “It seems to be a hunting family, they definitely should have at least a place for Miss Wang to sleep soundly.” The six of them followed the light and walk quickly. The light is very far away from them, after walking for a while the light is still flickering, they can’t see the house clearly. Feng BoE mumbled and cursed: “Damn his grandmother, this light is a little odd.” Suddenly Deng BaiChuan said in a low voice: “Wait, young master, look this is a green lamp.” Murong Fu focus his eyes and stare straight ahead, the light is indeed emitting green ray, its vastly different from common light which is either dark red or pale yellow. The six of them hasten their footsteps and rush towards the green light, they light became even more distinct.

Bao BuTong said loudly: “Demonic people are gathering here!”

For the five of them, base on their intelligence and martial arts they are not afraid of any sects or schools, but they immediately thought: “Today we are together with Miss Wang, its best not to stir up trouble.” Bao BuTong and Feng BoE did not fight for quite some time, now that their internal energy is restored, their hands are itchy and they eager to fight, however they still manage to restrain themselves. Feng BoE said: “We travelled for an entire day, we are a bit tired, this stinky place is not good let us just retreat and go back!” Murong Fu smile faintly, he thought: “Unexpectedly 4th brother Feng changed his temper, its really rare.” He said: “Cousin, that place is filthy, let us turn back.” Wang YuYan don’t understand the underlying reason, but since her cousin said it she happily complied.

They six of them turn around, they walk a few steps but suddenly a faint voice transmit from the ground: “Since you know demonic people are gathering here, you people are a bunch of lousy demons and ghosts, why don’t you join in the fun?” the voice is suddenly high-pitch and suddenly low-pitch, it seems to break yet continuous, its extremely uncomfortable when they hear it, but they heard every single word clearly.

Murong Fu snorted, the other party already overheard Bao BuTong when he say ‘Demonic people are gathering here’, from the voice transmitted, the internal energy of the person is not shallow, but its also not first-class martial arts. Murong Fu wave his left hand and said: “No time to tangle with him just ignore him!” he retrace the route which they took to get here.

The voice said: “Little bastard, you dare to spout nonsense, you think you can simply wag your tail and run away? If you really want to run away you still have to kowtow 300 times before your ancestor before leaving.”

Feng BoE cannot restrain himself anymore, he halted and said in a low voice: “Young master, let me go teach that wild person a lesson.” Murong Fu shakes his head and said: “They don’t know who we are, just ignore them!” Feng BoE said: “Yes!”

The six of them walk another 10 steps, the voice said again: “It doesn’t matter if the male wants to run away, but this young chick have to stay and accompany your ancestor and relieve my boredom.”

Unexpectedly the person dare to humiliate Wang YuYan, their countenance changed, they stop moving and turn around.

The voice said again: “Why? Obediently offer that chick to avoid your ancestor…….” as he said the word ‘ancestor’, Deng BaiChuan gather his energy into his dantian and shouted: “Ancestor!” both their voice intermix and shook the valley. Everyone felt their eardrum humming, but they heard a miserable cry, its came from around the green light. The night is quiet, Deng BaiChuan’s voice still lingered and did not disappear and intermix with the miserable cry, everyone felt absolutely horrified.

This shout from Deng BaiChuan used high-level internal energy to injure the other party. From the person’s miserable cry, the injury is not minor, maybe he is about to die. The miserable cry stopped, but they heard a ‘Chi’ sound, a green fire rocket flew to the sky and exploded, half the sky turn dark green.

Feng BoE said: “Since we started it, we must carry it through, let us wipe out the nest of demons and ghosts!” Murong Fu nod his head and said: “Originally we wanted to maintain peace by yielding to them. But since we started it, let us just finish it till the end.” The six of them rush towards the green light.

Murong Fu is worried that Wang YuYan might be at a disadvantage, he slow down and stay beside her, he heard Bao BuTong and Feng BoE shouting and cursing, both of them started fighting with the other party. Immediately after, under the glimmer of the green light, three shadow flew up, ‘Pai Pai Pai’ three sound and the shadow smash against the mountain wall, apparently they have been finish off by Bao BuTong and Feng BoE.

Murong Fu rush towards the green light, he saw Deng BaiChuan and GongYe Gan standing beside a huge bronze cauldron, their expression solemn. An elderly man is lying beside the bronze cauldron, smoke is rising from the cauldron, the smoke is fine like a line but straight like an arrow. Wang YuYan said: “Its Western Sichuan Jade Rock Cave, the sect of Mulberry Soil Elder.” Deng BaiChuan nod his head and said: “Miss you are indeed extremely knowledgeable.” Bao BuTong turn around and said: “How you know? This burning of fire to transmit information, its exists several thousand years ago, it might not be Western Sichuan Jade Rock Cave….” he did not finish as GongYe Gan pointed at the base of the bronze cauldron, hinting him to look closer.

Bao Butong bent his waist and look, the legs of the cauldron is emblazon with the word ‘Mulberry’, the word is formed by the shape of a few snake and centipede, the bronze is brightly coloured, it seems to be an ancient artefact. Bao BuTong knew that Wang YuYan is correct, but he still want to debate: “Even if this bronze cauldron is from Mulberry Soil Elder and his sect, how you know they didn’t borrow it or steal it? Moreover there is a common saying: ‘False cauldron, counterfeit and fake’, nine out of ten cauldrons are fake.”

Murong Fu and the rest thought: “This place is very far from Western Sichuan, don’t tell me this is the territory of Mulberry Soil Elder and his sect?” They knew that Western Sichuan Jade Rock Cave Mulberry Soil Elder and his sect are mostly Miao and Qiang ethnic people, their conduct are different from martial artists of Central Plains, they are experts at poison and everyone is rather afraid of them, luckily they are detach from worldly affairs, as long as one do not intrude the borders of Sichuan they will not rashly offend people. Murong Fu, Deng BaiChuan and the rest are not afraid of the Mulberry Soil Elder, they just find that its boring to feud with demonic and poisonous freaks, moreover its very troublesome to tangle with them.

Murong Fu muttered softly to himself: “This is a wrong place to be in, its best to leave as soon as possible.” The elderly man lying beside cauldron is breathing faintly but his pair of eyes are staring angrily at them, this man is the person who taunted them. Murong Fu nod his head towards Bao BuTong, the corner of his mouth signalling at the elderly man. Bao BuTong understood his intentions, he grab the bamboo pole with the green lamp, he flip the pole, with a ‘Pu’ sound he thrust the pole and lamp into the chest of the old man, the green light die out immediately. Wang YuYan cry out in alarm. GongYe Gan said: “The nobleman does not care about trivial matter, a great man have to be ruthless! This is called silencing a person to avoid future disaster.” His right foot flew out and toppled the cauldron with a kick. Murong Fu held onto Wang YuYan’s hand, he dash to the left.

They ran around 10 zhang, suddenly there is two ‘Chi Chi’ sound, a golden blade split the air, a knife and a sword came out from the bushes and chop towards them. Murong Fu wave his sleeves, his borrowed and redirected the force, the knife held by the person on the left chop towards the head of the person on the right, the sword held by the person on the right pierce the heart of the person on the left, in a split second Murong Fu finish off two person who made the sneak attack, his footsteps did not slow down the slightest bit. GongYe Gan praised: “Young master, excellent skill!”

Murong Fu smiled and continued travelling, he wave his right palm and hit an enemy head-on and send him rolling down the hill, he strike out his left palm, the enemy of his left cry out loudly and spurted fresh blood. Murong Fu suddenly detected a fishy smell, immediately after a fierce wind assaulted him, Murong Fu quickly generate his palm wind and reflected two unknown hidden projectile, he heard an ‘Ah’ cry, his enemies had been hit by their own vicious hidden projectiles.

They are heavily surrounded in the darkness, they don’t know the number of enemies and they simply killed a few people, when they killed the 6th person, Murong Fu was secretly fearful, he thought: “The first three people are most likely from Western SiChuan Mulberry Soil Elder’s Sect, but afterwards the other three people came from three different sect, we are making more and more enemies, this is really not good.”

He heard Deng BaiChuan shout: “Everyone rush towards the ‘Listening Perfume Pavilion’!” the ‘Listening Perfume Pavilion’ is a manor at Gusu Murong’s Basin of Swallow, its located at the west and is the residence of AhZhu. Deng BaiChuan asking them to rush towards the ‘Listening Perfume Pavilion’, its the same as asking them to retreat west, he coded the message to avoid letting the enemy know about their movement.

When Murong Fu listen to his words he immediately understood the meaning, but the surrounding is pitch-black and there is no light from the moon and stars, its difficult to determine direction, he focused his attention, he heard Deng BaiChuan’s heavy palm wind ringing two times behind him to the right-hand side, immediately he held onto Wang YuYan’s hand and retreated three steps and lean against Deng BaiChuan. He heard another two ‘Pa Pa’ sound, Deng BaiChuan clash palm two times with the enemy again. From the sound generated by the clashing of palm, the enemy is an expert. Immediately afterward, Deng BaiChuan exhale and shouted ‘Hei’. Murong Fu knew Deng BaiChuan is using the move [Earth Shattering Shock], the enemy will not be able to resist it. Sure enough, the person cry out in surprise, the voice sharp, but the cry seems to be sinking downwards underground, immediately afterward stones roll around and branches snapped. Murong Fu was slightly alarmed: “This person trip and fell into deep ravine. Luckily elder brother Deng hit the person into the ravine, else if we step empty air in this darkness it would be disastrous.”

At this moment, a voice floated down from a high slope to the left: “Which experts came to disturb the Assembly of Ten Thousand Immortals? You really don’t respect the Cave-masters of 36 Cave and Island-masters of 72 Island?”

Murong Fu and the rest gasp softly. They know about ‘Cave-masters of 36 Cave and Island-masters of 72 Island’, but all these ‘Cave-masters’ and ‘Island-masters’ are just some heretic groups that don’t belong to any sect or school. Some of their martial arts are high, some are low, some are good while some are evil, they keep to themselves and do whatever they please, they don’t communicate with each other and thus they can’t do anything great, nobody thinks they are important. Some of them are scattered around East Sea, some at islands around Yellow Sea, some at Kunlun and living in seclusion at deep mountains in Qilian, they lie low and did not have any accomplishments, nobody paid any attention to them, unexpectedly they gathered at this place.

Murong Fu said brightly: “There are six of us here, we are friends, we are travelling at night and unaware of people gathering here, thus we accidentally offended you, we offer our apologies. In this darkness its easy to have misunderstandings, let us just dismiss it with a laugh, please grant us passage.” His words are neither haughty nor humble, he did not reveal his origin, as for the killings he also offered his apologies.

Suddenly, ‘Haha’, ‘Hehe’, ‘Hengheng’, laughter surrounded them in all direction, more and more people join in the laughter. Initially only ten people laugh, but eventually more people join in and there is around 500-600 people laughing, some are nearby while some are a few li away.

Murong Feng listen to their laugh, they have vast numbers, they also mentioned about ‘Assembly of Ten Thousand Immortals’, he pondered: “We are really unlucky tonight, we accidentally gate-crash their gathering. I have yet to reveal my name, its best to walk away quickly so as to avoid irreparable damage. Moreover we are heavily outnumbered, how can the six of us handle several hundreds of them?”

Amidst the laughter, the person on the slope said: “You paint the picture in light shades, you dismiss the matter too easily. The six of you injure quite a few of our brothers, if we simply let you walk away, then what about the reputation of ’36 Cave and 72 Island’ ?”

Murong Fu calm down and look around, to his front and rear, left and right, the hillside, the mountain peak, the mountain cavity, the mountain ridge, there are shadows of people everywhere, in the darkness he cannot see their appearance clearly. Originally he don’t know where they are, but they seem to suddenly emerge out from underground. At this moment, Deng BaiChuan, GongYe Gan, Bao BuTong, Feng BoE, the four of them gathered beside Murong Fu and Wang YuYan and guarded them, but they are surrounded by several hundred people, they are nothing more than a small boat in the vast sea.

********

Murong Fu, Deng BaiChuan and the rest, they encountered countless great battles and fights, but after seeing such situation they cannot help but be scared, they pondered: “These people are very weird, 8 or 10 of them are not a problem, but several hundreds of them gathering together is really not easy to deal with.”

Murong Fu gather his energy into his dantian, he said brightly: “There is a common saying: ‘The one who does not know is not guilty’. Cave-masters of 36 caves, Island-masters of 72 islands, i heard of your great reputation, i definitely don’t dare to offend you deliberately. Western Sichuan Jade Rock Cave Mulberry Soil Elder, Gansu Young Dragon Cave Xuan HuangZi, East Sea Mysterious Dark Island Island-master Mr Zhang DaRen, i presume that you all are here. I am Murong Fu and i wish to make friends with you, its not my intention to offend you.”

The surrounding crowd of people gasp in surprise, obviously they are shaken by the name ‘Murong Fu’. The voice reply: “Are you the Murong Fu who specialize in ‘Returning you with your own move’?” Murong Fu said: “I don’t deserve it, yes its my insignificant self.” The person said: “Gusu Murong family is not insignificant. Light the lamp! Everyone let us meet him!”

When he finish speaking, a yellow lamp suddenly rise up in the south-east corner, immediately after red lamp rise up at the west and north-west corner. In a split second, light rise up in all direction, some are lantern, some are torch, some are Kongming lantern, some are firewood, the light brought by various Cave-masters and Island-masters are different, some are simple, some are intricate. Originally nobody knows their hiding location but now light shine upon everyone’s face, its truly a strange sight.

There are male, female, handsome people, ugly people, monks, priests, some wore long sleeves, some wore short sleeves, some are old man with long beard, some are women with hair rolled up, their clothing came in all shape and sizes, different from those from Central Plains, alot of them are carrying weapons but their weapons are shaped oddly, its difficult to identify them. Murong Fu clasped his hands and greeted in four directions, he said brightly: “Welcome, Gusu Murong Fu greet you.” Some of the crowd return his greetings, some ignored him.

A person to the west said: “Murong Fu, your Gusu Murong family like to show off its prestige at Central Plains, so be it. But you come to this Assembly of Ten Thousand Immortals and run amuck without restrain, you really don’t respect us at all? You claim to specialize in ‘Returning you with your own move’, then let me ask you, how are you going to return my move?”

Murong Fu look towards the voice, a big-head old man is sitting cross-legged on a rock to the west, his big head bald and shiny, not a single strand of hair at all, his face filled with blood, when gazing from afar he look just like a big red ball. Murong Fu cupped his fist and said: “Welcome! May i ask your great name?”

The person hold onto his belly and laugh, he said: “Old man is testing you, i want to see if Murong family is genuine talent or just someone with false reputation. I ask you a question just now: How are you going to return my move. As long as you answer it correctly, i don’t care how others react, but old man will never trouble you again. Wherever you like to go, you can simply go!”

Murong Fu considered the current situation, he know he cannot resolve the matter by talking out of it, he must display a few of his moves, he said: “Since this is the case, i will trade a few moves, senior please make you move!”

The person roll on the floor and laugh, he said: “I am the one testing you, i am not asking you to test me. If you cannot answer, then quickly take back your ‘Returning you with your own move’ reputation!”

Murong Fu knit his brows, he pondered: “You just sit there motionless, i don’t know your sect, i don’t know your name, how would i know your most proficient move? How can i return it when i don’t know your move?”

As he was muttering and thinking, the big-head old man sneered: “My friends from 36 Caves and 72 Islands are scattered all over the world, they don’t interfere with on-goings in Central Plains. There is a fierce tiger hidden in the mountain but the little monkey dare claims to be king, you are boy still wet behind the ears, unexpectedly you go so far as to be some ‘Northern Qiao Feng, Southern Murong’, hehe! Laughable, laughable, shameless, shameless! Let me tell you, its not difficult for you to escape today, you just have to kowtow 10 times to every single Cave-masters and Islands-masters from 36 Caves and 72 Islands, a total of 1080 kowtow and we will let you baby dolls walk away.”

Bao BuTong suppressed his anger for a long time, he can no long hold it in, he shouted loudly: “You invite my young master to return you with your own move and then ask him to kowtow. Your consummate skill, my young master can’t learn it, hey hey, laughable, laughable, shameless, shameless!” unexpectedly he copied the big-head old man’s speech pattern and tone perfectly.

The big-head old man cough and spit a mouthful of phlegm, it flew towards Bao BuTong’s face. Bao BuTong slanted his body to avoid, the phlegm flew past his left ear, suddenly it turn around in mid-air and shot towards Bao BuTong’s forehead. The force in this phlegm is not light, Bao BuTong hastily sidestep, he realized that the phlegm is targeting his ‘Yangbai acupoint’ between his eyebrow.

Murong Fu was shocked: “Its not strange that this old man’s phlegm contained internal energy and targeted acupoints. The strange thing is that after firing the phlegm, unexpectedly it can turn around in mid-air.”

The big-head old man chucked: “Murong Fu, old man don’t want you to return me with my own move, if you can tell me the origin of this phlegm then old man will be convinced of your ability.”

Murong Fu pondered quickly, ideas flew at lightning speed, but he simply can’t recall it, suddenly he heard Wang YuYan’s gentle and soft voice: “Island-master DuanMu, you completely mastered this [Going and Coming, Five Rice Divine Skill], its really not easy. But you must have killed quite a few living things in the process. My young master knows that its not easy to train, thus he is unwilling to reveal the origin in order to avoid incurring the jealousy of your friends. Don’t tell me my young master will use this skill to deal with you?”

Murong Fu was shock yet happy, he never heard of this [Five Rice Divine Skill] before, unexpectedly his cousin is aware of it, but he don’t know if its correct or wrong.

Originally, the old man had a blood-red face, but in an instant his face lost all its colour, however it turn back red again immediately, he laugh and said: “Baby doll talking rubbish, how can you understand it? [Five Rice Divine Skill] harms other for one’s personal benefit, its vicious and dangerous, why would i even train it? But unexpectedly you know of old man’s name, its really not easy.”

Wang YuYan heard his reply, she knew she guess correctly, he merely refuse to admit it, she said: “Hainan Island Five Finger Mountain Scarlet Flame Cave Cave-master DuanMu, in the martial arts fraternity who don’t know about you? Cave-master DuanMu, if that skill is not [Five Rice Divine Skill], then it must be some other wonderful skill derived from [Ground Fire Skill].”

The [Ground Fire Skill] is the elementary skill of Scarlet Flame Cave. The sect leader of Scarlet Flame Cave has always been surnamed DuanMu, this big-head old man is called DuanMu Yuan, when he heard Wang YuYan reveal his personal history and she gloss over the [Five Rice Divine Skill], he had favourable impression of her, moreover his Scarlet Flame Cave is just some small obscure sect, but unexpected she claims ‘who don’t know about you’, his even happier, he smiled and said: “Correct, correct, this is just some insignificant skill derived from [Ground Fire Skill]. Old man said in advance, since young lady identified my origin then i will not trouble you anymore.”

Suddenly someone shouted from afar: “Gusu Murong, your reputation is really well deserved!” Murong Fu raised his hands and said: “A novice is making a fool of himself before experts, i don’t deserve your praise!” at this moment, a ray of golden light and silver light shoot out from the ground on the left-hand side, the sound is sharp and pure as it split the air. Murong Fu dare not be negligent, he generated a blast of wind with his sleeves and clash with it, there is a loud crashing sound, the ray of golden light and silver light roll back and retreat. Murong Fu finally saw it clearly, its two long belt, one of them is gold in colour, the other is silver in colour.

Two old men are standing at the end of the belt, the one wielding the golden belt is wearing silver robe, the one wielding the silver belt is wearing golden robe. The gold and silver sparkled brilliantly, its extremely gorgeous, ordinary people definitely don’t wear these gold and silver robe, its must be some stage actor. The old man wearing the silver robe said: “Admirable, admirable, receive another move from us brothers!” golden light flickered, the golden belt arrive from the left, however the silver belt flew towards the sky and then drop down, directly attacking the top of Murong Fu’s head.

Murong Fu said: “Both seniors….” he only manage to say these words, suddenly there is the sound of rushing wind, three sabres sweep up from the ground. Three men use their ground-fighting skill and they attacked Murong Fu’s lower body.

Murong Fu’s top, front, left, he is being attacked in all 3 directions simultaneously, he pondered: “My opponent call themselves Cave-masters of 36 Caves, Islands-masters of 72 Islands, they have many men, if they carry on tangling with me and i don’t show them my power, i wonder when will this end?” He saw three sabres sweeping towards him, immediately he kick three times, every kick landed on his opponent’s wrist, white light flickered and the three sabres flew up into the air. Murong Fu slanted his body to the side, his right hand brush horizontally and he executed his [Star Shifting Movement] skill and prod the golden belt, there is a ‘Pa’ sound, the golden belt and silver belt coil together.

The three men who displayed their ground-fighting sabre skills lost their sabre, they did not retreat, they shouted ‘HeHe’, they open their arms and hug Murong Fu’s leg. Murong Fu’s foot flew up, he move like the wind and kick the three men’s chest acupoint in quick succession. Suddenly, a black-robe man with long arm and long leg jumps forward, he spread out his fan-like hand and smack towards Murong Fu. Murong Fu saw the move is steady and ruthless, obviously this man’s martial art is much stronger than the others, he pondered: “This man must be the chief of the group, i must subdue him first to make it easier to negotiate.”

Murong Fu leap up, he vaulted over the three men who are reclining on the ground, he strike out his right palm, directly attacking the black-robe man. The black-robe man sneered, he raise a blade horizontally and block in front of his chest, a green light sparkled in front of him, its an exceptionally sharp serrated-sabre, the edge of the blade is facing outward. If Murong Fu really landed his palm, he will be severing his own wrist. Murong Fu did not withdraw his palm move, when his palm is 2 inch away from the blade, suddenly he change his slapping move to a sweeping move, his palm follow along the edge of the blade and swipe downward, he scrape the black-robe man’s fingers.

The edge of his palm is filled with internal energy, its sharpness is no less than the serrated-sabre, the force in it is sufficient to slice off fingers or break an arm. The black-robe man was caught off-guard, he cry out in surprise and hastily release the sabre, he flip his palm and meet it head-on, there is a ‘Pa’ sound, the two men clashed palm. The black-robe man cry out in surprise again, his body sway and he leap 1 zhang backward. Murong Fu turn his palm and grab the serrated-sabre, a burst of fishy smell assaulted his nose, he nearly vomited, he knew the blade is smeared with deadly poison, its extremely sinister and demonic.

Although he seize his opponent’s weapon in a single move, but he saw 7-8 people raising their weapons, they block in front of the black-robe man and protected him, when he clash palm with the black-robe man, although the man’s internal energy is inferior to his but its also quite strange, as for seizing of weapon the man is merely caught off-guard, if they really fight for real he would not be able to secure victory in just a few moves.

Under such circumstances, he can only show off his skills to display his might and then request to walk away freely, he shouted, he brandish the serrated-sabre and rush towards the crowd of people. Everyone shouted:

“Everyone be careful! This person is wielding the ‘Verdant Wave Fragrant Dew Sabre’, don’t let him cut you.”

“Ayo, Wu LaoDa’s ‘Verdant Wave Fragrant Dew Sabre’ got taken away by this young chap, this is terrible!”

Murong Fu wave the sabre and move forward, the monks, priest, ugly men, pretty women, all of them scattered and ran, their expression extremely fearful, Murong Fu presumed this serrated-sabre must have some great history, but its simply too smelly, its known as ‘Fragrant Dew Sabre’ which is ridiculous, he pondered: “If i wield this poison-sabre, its not difficult to kill 10 or 8 Cave-masters or Island-masters, but i have no animosity or hatred with them, why the need to take their lives?” Although he brandish and wave the sabre around, he never injure anyone, he push down 1 person and kick down 2 person.

Initially, everyone was extremely frighten, but they saw the power of the sabre was not formidable, they calm down, in a split second, long sword and short halberd, soft whip and hard tablet, everyone attacked from all four sides. Around 10 people surrounded Murong Fu at the boundary, outside the boundary 300-400 people encircled layer upon layer.

After fighting for a short period of time, Murong Fu pondered: “When will it ever end if i carry on fighting like this? It seems i must start killing people.” His sabre move is very tight, there is two ‘Peng Peng’ sound, he used the sabre’s shaft to knock two person unconscious. Suddenly Deng BaiChuan shouted: “Shameless pervert, don’t you dare alarm the lady!” Murong Fu shoot a glance, he saw 2 person leaping up and attacking Wang YuYan who is on top of a pine tree. Deng BaiChuan flew forward to rescue, he wave his palm to intercept them. Murong Fu was somewhat relax, but another 3 person leap at the pine tree, at once he understood their intentions: “They cannot beat me, thus they want to capture my cousin and coerce me, its really shameless to the extreme.” But his surrounded by an entire group of people, he cannot get away, he saw 2 women grabbing Wang YuYan’s arm and jumping down from the tree. A long hair toutuo with a golden ring on his head stick out his Buddhist monk’s knife and place it horizontally across Wang YuYan’s neck, he shouted: “Murong chap, if you don’t surrender, i will chop your good friend!”

Murong Fu was stunned, he pondered: “These people are incomparably vicious, they will really injure my cousin, what should i do? My Murong family move around unhindered in the martial arts fraternity, how can we surrender? If we surrender, then how can we conduct ourselves with dignity in the future?” he hesitated, but his hands did not slow down the slightest bit, he smack out his left palm twice, 2 person got hit and flew out a zhang.

The toutuo shouted again: “You really won’t surrender, i will slice off this precious and pretty head off!” his Buddhist monk’s knife sway, the cutting edge of the knife flickered with green light.
