
# Chapter 42 – Evil and Abhorred of All Ages, Unable to Withstand an Attack, An Inglorious Victory

(Old Devil and Clown, How Can They Strike, Fighting a One-Sided Battle)

Murong Fu grab the long sword hastily, his spirit roused as he executed Murong family’s swordplay, every move continuous and uninterrupted, akin to moving cloud and flowing water, in the wink of an eye his body seem to be covered by a curtain of light. Martial artists only heard about Murong family’s vast and profound martial arts, they are knowledgeable about the martial arts of various sect and school, unexpectedly their own swordplay is so exquisite as well.

However no matter how strong or how aggressive he is, Murong Fu cannot move within 1 zhang of Duan Yu. Duan Yu only need to jab and poke with his fingers and he can make Murong Fu jump high and lie low, run east and dodge west. Suddenly there is a ‘Pa’ sound, Murong Fu’s long sword and Duan Yu’s invisible energy sword clashed head-on, the long sword broke into two, half of the blade flew into the air and gave off white light as the sun reflect off it.

Murong Fu was alarmed, however he did not panic, he quickly wave his left hand, he use the broken sword as a hidden weapon and threw it towards Duan Yu. Duan Yu shouted out: “Aiyo!” he was at a loss on what to do, he panicked and lie on the ground hastily. The broken sword flew past the top of his head, in a fight between two experts unexpectedly he can come up with such ‘Dog Eating Shit’ form, the move is really humiliating, extremely unsightly. Although Murong Fu’s sword was broken, but he seek victory through defeat, he is natural and unrestrained, much more glamorous compared to Duan Yu.

Feng BoE shouted: “Young master, catch this blade!” he toss his broadsword, Murong Fu caught it, he saw Duan Yu had stood back up, he laugh and said: “Brother Duan, that move ‘Evil Dog Eating Shit’, is it the consummate skill of Dali’s Duan family?” Duan Yu stare foolishly, he said: “No!” he wave his right little finger and thrust his ‘Shaochong Sword’ at Murong Fu.

Murong Fu wave his broadsword to block, suddenly he execute [Five Tiger Breaking Gate Sabre] and [Eight Divinatory Trigram Sabre Art], several moves later he execute [Six Direction Sabre], in no time he execute 8-9 different sabre art in succession, every sabre style happen to fit the situation and express its essential meaning, renowned sabre experts who are spectating all gasp with admiration. However although Murong Fu’s sabre art is refine but he still can’t move near Duan Yu. Duan Yu’s ‘Shaochong Sword’ slice from the left side, Murong Fu raise his broadsword to block, with a ‘Dang’ sound the blade was broken again.

GongYe Gan wave both hands and toss two judge-pen towards Murong Fu. Murong Fu cast away the broken broadsword, he caught the judge-pens and execute acupoint sealing moves, the tip of the pen gave out ‘Chi Chi’ sound, it produce faint streams of energy as well.

Both of them exchange over 100 moves, Duan Yu’s initial fear began to subside, he slowly understood how internal energy travels through his veins and arteries, he recalled the internal energy cultivation method taught by his uncle and Master KuRong, he gradually start to rotate his [Six Meridian Divine Swords] and switch them around. Suddenly Xiao Feng said: “3rd brother, you have yet to perfect this [Six Meridian Divine Swords], executing six different sword-play together, while switching there will be gaps in-between, your opponent can seize this opportunity to dodge. Why don’t you try to use just one set of sword-play?” Duan Yu said: “Yes, many thanks to elder brother for giving pointers.” he gaze sideway, Xiao Feng is standing with his hands by the side, his expression leisurely, Zhuang JuXian is lying down on the ground, his two legs broken, he is moaning loudly.

With Murong Fu gone, Xiao Feng immediately gain the upper hand, he clash palm head-on with You TanZhi repeatedly, however whenever their palm interlock Xiao Feng cannot help but shiver, cold air invade his body, the suffering indescribable and difficult to endure, at once he smack his palm heavily, when You TanZhi use full-strength to block Xiao Feng seize the opportunity and sweep his right leg. You TanZhi’s speciality is frost-silkworm poison and internal energy of [Divine Foot Scripture], as for punching and kicking skill he learn it from AhZi, thus his moves are extremely common and sloppy, he felt sudden acute pain from his leg, with a ‘Kala’ sound, both his shinbone broke and he collapsed. Xiao Feng said in a bright voice: “Beggar Clan values chivalry and being humane, since you are the leader of the clan how can you mix around with those demons from XingXiu Sect? Aren’t you disgracing the several hundred years of good reputation enjoyed by Beggar Clan?”

The sole reason You TanZhi became Chief of Beggar Clan is due to his outstanding martial arts. As for his knowledge, manner and leadership, they are inadequate, moreover he wore a mask, being mysterious and secretive, all clan affairs were handled by AhZi and Quan GuanQing, thus many Clan members are extremely resentful for quite some time already. Today he killed several of his own Clan members, kowtow to Ding ChunQiu in public and became a XingXiu disciple, hence Beggar Clan members no long treat him as their Chief anymore. Xiao Feng broke both of his shinbone, unexpectedly the Beggar Clan members are secretly delighted, not a single one of them step forward to help him. Quan GuanQing and a few hardcore followers intend to step forward to help him, however when they saw Xiao Feng’s awe-inspiring expression, who dare to step forward and seek death?

After defeating You TanZhi, Xiao Feng saw Xu Zhu fighting fiercely with Ding ChunQiu, Xu Zhu occupied a dominant position, although Duan Yu know [Six Meridian Divine Swords], however his moves are sometime brilliant yet sometime incomparably stupid, Duan Yu had many opportunities to secure victory however for some unknown reason he simply let it pass, thus Xiao Feng cannot bear it anymore and gave some pointers.

Duan Yu look sideways at Xiao Feng and You TanZhi, his attention was divided, immediately a loophole appeared in his [Six Meridian Divine Swords]. Murong Fu is incomparably quick-witted, he wave his left hand, a judge-pen accompanied by strong wind shoot straight at Duan Yu’s chest, it is about to pierce through his chest. Duan Yu saw the astonishing power of the judge-pen, he cannot help but panic and shouted: “Elder brother, not good!”

Xiao Feng execute a move “Wading Great Creek”, he smack from the side, the judge-pen was hit by his palm wind, unexpectedly the body of the pen became curved, it circle around Duan Yu’s head and shoot towards Murong Fu.

Murong Fu lifted the judge-pen in his right hand and use it to smash the incoming judge-pen, with a ‘Dang’ sound both pen collided, Murong Fu’s right arm became numb from the shock, he did not wait for the curved pen to drop on the ground, he made a grabbing move with his left hand and execute Kongtong Sect’s [Single Hook Technique].

The crowd witness Xiao Feng’s powerful palm strength, they also witness Murong Fu’s ability to adapt to any changes, his strangely wonderful hook technique, they cannot help but cheer out loudly, today they get to witness the top two martial art genius of the current age fighting each other with their full strength, it truly broaden their horizons, they did not waste this long trip to Mount Shaoshi.

Duan Yu avoid the danger of flying judge-pen, he calm down and pointed with his thumb, he send out ‘Shaoshang Sword’. This ‘Shaoshang Sword’ is bold and resolute, its style grand and imposing, every sword thrust contains earth-shattering power. Even with a judge-pen and a hook, Murong Fu found it difficult to ward off the sword. Duan Yu was given pointers by Xiao Feng, he only focus on using one set of sword-play, sure enough the structure of his sword-play is well-knit, there are no loophole or gaps.

Originally by using all six sword stance of [Six Meridian Divine Swords] together, its power is far greater than using just one sword stance, however Duan Yu is not familiar with the secret to using all six sword stance, it is beneficial for him to focus on using one sword stance, 10 sword moves later, Murong Fu is perspiring from his forehead, he retreat continuously and move beside a huge locust tree, he relied on the tree for defence.

Duan Yu completed ‘Shaoshang Sword’, he bend his thumb and pointed with his forefinger, he execute ‘Shangyang Sword’.

The power of ‘Shangyang Sword’ is not as grand as ‘Shaoshang Sword’, however its speed far exceeds other sword stance, Duan Yu move his forefinger repeatedly, he thrust out sword after sword, its incomparably quick. The thrusting speed of a sword is entirely dependent on the agility of the practitioner’s wrist, however to thrust and retract a sword, no matter how fast you are the sword still has to travel several chi, Duan Yu is using his forefinger to shoot out invisible energy sword, he merely swivel his finger within 1 inch radius, hence it is extremely easy as he only need to jab and poke. Murong Fu was forced to stay several zhang away, there is no way for him to retaliate at all. Previously Murong Fu break down and counter his moves, Duan Yu did not even get to use a 2nd move and nearly lost his life, but currently Duan Yu is attacking without the need to defend, Murong Fu allowed him free use of ‘Shaoshang Sword’, naturally Duan Yu occupied all the advantage in this fight.

Wang YuYan saw her cousin is in critical situation, she is extremely worried, although she is familiar with the martial arts of various sect and school under the heaven, however she has absolutely no knowledge on [Six Meridian Divine Swords], she cannot give guidance and can only worry in silence.

Xiao Feng saw Duan Yu’s invisible energy sword becoming more and more marvellous, he felt gratified and also a sense admiration, suddenly his heart ached, he thought about AhZhu: “That day AhZhu willingly die in place of her father, the main reason is because she fear that after i killed her father, Dali’s Duan family will surely seek me for revenge, she fear i am no match of their [Six Meridian Divine Swords]. 3rd brother is at the beginners stage of learning this sword-play, however his sword-play is already so mythical, if i switch place with Murong Fu i will surely have problems resisting as well. AhZhu sacrifice herself to prevent my death, i….i am only a Khitan warrior, how am i deserving of such deep and profound love?”

Both Duan YanQing and Jiumozhi saw Duan Yu execute [Six Meridian Divine Swords], its incomparably marvellous, although they know he have yet to perfect this skill but he only needs the guidance of an expert, with additional training he will surely become the number one expert of the current age, they cannot help but give a long sigh. Jiumozhi’s sigh is due to envy and admiration, but Duan YanQing’s sigh is due to misery and being depressed.

Deng BaiChuan and the rest saw Murong Fu was pressured by Duan Yu till an extremely dire state, they want to step forward and assist, however they heard the shouting’s of countless women from the southwest corner: “Old Freak of XingXiu, how dare you fight with the owner of Misty Peak Vulture Palace? Quickly kneel down and kowtow.” everyone tilt their head and look, several hundred women are standing at the mountain edge, they are arrange into eight divisions, every division wore different coloured clothes, red, yellow, purple, etc, the colours bright and dazzling. Among the eight divisions of women there are also several hundred heroes from all over the country, their manner and clothes greatly differs from normal people. These heroes also shout out: “Owner, plant a few ‘life-death talisman’ on him!”

“Life-death talisman is most effective when dealing with Old Freak of XingXiu!”

Xu Zhu’s martial arts and internal energy far exceeds Ding ChunQiu, he can secure victory long time ago, however firstly his experience in fighting is simply too shallow, he can barely display 60-70% of his true potential, secondly his heart is merciful, there are several vicious techniques he can use to kill Ding ChunQiu, however he often execute halfway and withdraw it back, thirdly Ding ChunQiu’s body is covered with deadly poison, Xu Zhu had some misgivings, he don’t dare to touch Ding ChunQiu rashly, however with Xu Zhu’s deep and profound internal energy Ding ChunQiu’s poison cannot harm him anymore, thus both of them fought for a long time but they are still lock in stalemate. Suddenly he heard a crowd of men and women are cheering for him, he turn his head towards the source, he cannot help but be startled yet delighted, of the Nine Heaven Nine Divisions from Vulture Palace eight divisions have arrived, Phoenix Heaven Division stayed behind to guard Vulture Palace. The men are the 36 Cave-masters and 72 Island-masters as well as the troops under their command, their numbers are truly not small, even though not all the Cave-masters and Island-masters are present but at least 80-90% of them are here.

Xu Zhu shouted: “Grandma Yu, Mr Wu, how come you are here?” Grandma Yu said: “Reporting to owner, subordinate receive news from Plum Orchid Bamboo and Chrysanthemum Sword, i learn of how these bald thieves from Shaolin are out to make things difficult for owner, thus i inform the various Island-masters and Cave-masters, we travel day and night to rush over here. Luckily owner is unharmed, subordinate is very happy.” Xu Zhu said: “I originate from Shaolin, your speech is too rude, quickly apologize to Shaolin’s abbot.” while speaking he still display his [Plum Breaking Hands of Heavenly Mountain] and [Six Solar Palms of Heavenly Mountain] brilliantly.

Grandma Yu had a terrified expression, she bow and said: “Yes, old lady admits her guilt.” she walk towards abbot XuanCi, she kneel down and respectfully kowtow four times and said: “Grandma Yu from Vulture Palace’s Clear Sky Division, my speech is too rude, i offended eminent monks from Shaolin, i kowtow to ask for forgiveness and respectfully invite great master abbot to punish me.” her speech is extremely sincere, her enunciation clear and bright, clearly her internal energy is vigorous, reaching the realm of top ranking martial experts.

XuanCi brush his sleeves and said: “I don’t deserve your praise, shizu please get up!” he employed 50% of his internal energy with this brush, he intend to prop up Grandma Yu, unexpectedly Grandma Yu’s body only move slightly, she did not rise. Grandma Yu kowtow again and said: “Old lady smeared owner’s original school, i deserve a thousand death.” she stood up slowly and return back to her division.

The Xuan generation monks heard Xu Zhu narrate his experience in Vulture Palace before, they know about the intermediate story, however the remaining Shaolin monks as well as the spectators are greatly surprised: “The internal energy cultivation of this old lady is truly solid, the rest of the men and women that came with her are not weaklings either, how come they are the subordinates of this little monk from Shaolin, truly unbelievable.” the crowd saw Xu Zhu assisting Xiao Feng, moreover he had large numbers of men and women as reinforcements, unexpectedly Xiao Feng’s situation strengthened greatly, it is not easy to kill him anymore.

XingXiu disciples saw there are quite a number of good-looking maidens from Vulture Palace’s Eight Division, their speech became unclear and flustered. The Cave-masters and Island-masters are straightforward men, they bicker and ridicule openly, in an instant the mountain top is full of shouting and cursing sound. The Cave-masters and Island-masters all pull out their weapons to challenge. XingXiu disciples don’t dare to meet the challenge, however they redouble their effort in cursing. Some XingXiu disciples saw their master occupy an unfavourable position for a long time, the situation is not good, thus they look around in all direction for an escape route down the mountain.

Duan Yu was not distracted, he completely ignore the men and women from Vulture Palace, he focus on his ‘Shangyang Sword’ with rapt attention, he pressured Murong Fu with every single move. When he thought of Wang YuYan, every word and movement that came from her is for the sake of protecting Murong Fu, his heart is extremely bitter, since he already activate his [Six Meridian Divine Swords], his internal energy flow continuously, the power of his sword unstoppable. At this stage Murong Fu is unable to deduce the attack path of the invisible energy sword, he can only wave his pen and hook around to form a protective barrier and guard his whole body, he constantly shrink his body behind the huge locust tree to avoid the energy sword.

Suddenly there is a ‘Chi’ sound, the energy sword penetrate Murong Fu’s protective barrier and slice off his hat, his hairs scattered in all direction, his appearance extremely battered and unsightly. Wang YuYan cry out in fear: “Gentleman Duan, please be lenient!” Duan Yu’s heart trembled, he gave a deep sigh, he did not fire his 2nd sword move, he massage his chest and pondered: “In your heart you only think about your cousin, if i accidently kill him, your grieve will be unending, you will never smile again. I love and respect you, i will never make you sad.”

Murong Fu’s complexion is white and bloodless, today at Mount Shaoshi he was thoroughly defeated in a sword duel, he suffered great shame and humiliation, in addition a woman spoke out to plea leniency for him and only then his opponent spared his life, would he have any standings in the martial arts fraternity from now on? He shout loudly: “A true man does not fear death, who needs you to give leeway?” he brandish his steel hook and pounce towards Duan Yu.

Duan Yu wave his pair of hands and said: “We have no hatred or enmity, why the need to fight? Stop fighting, stop fighting!”

Murong Fu’s character is proud and haughty, he have no regards for people, he was utterly defeated by Duan Yu and had no chance to retaliate, moreover his opponent made concession base on a brief remark from Wang YuYan, how can he endure such indignation? He wave his steel hook at Duan Yu’s face, he thrust his judge-pen at Duan Yu’s chest, he thought: “Use your invisible energy sword to kill me, we will end in mutual destruction, better than to drift and live without purpose in life.” his heart is filled with shame and anger, he disregarded his life with this pounce.

Duan Yu saw this ferocious attack from Murong Fu, if he use [Six Meridian Divine Swords] to attack, he is afraid he might kill Murong Fu, he don’t know what to do, unexpectedly he just stare stupidly and did not think of using [Graceful Steps upon the Waves] to dodge. Murong Fu is staking his life in this pounce, the speed is incomparably quick, his body flash and there is a ‘Pu’ sound, the judge-pen in his right hand already plunge into Duan Yu’s body. Luckily Duan Yu slanted his body to the left at the critical moment, he avoid injuries to the vital points on his chest, however the judge-pen penetrate deep into his right shoulder, Duan Yu cry out loudly, he was so frighten that his body turn stiff. Murong Fu execute the move “Fishing A Needle From The Sea” using the steel hook on his left hand, he attack Duan Yu’s head swiftly.

Duan ZhengChun and Crocodile Deity of Southern Sea saw the situation is amiss, both of them pounce forward, in addition Ba TianShi and Cui BaiQuan pounce forward as well. Murong Fu is determined to kill Duan Yu, he rather sustain serious injuries than slow down his attack, unexpectedly he pay no heed to the four men’s attack, just as the sharp tip of the steel hook was about to touch Duan Yu, suddenly the ‘Shendao acupoint’ on Murong Fu’s back turn numb, his body was lifted high up in the air. The ‘Shendao acupoint’ is a critical acupoint, once captured Murong Fu’s hand turn numb immediately, he cannot hold onto the judge-pen and steel hook anymore, he heard Xiao Feng shout sternly: “He spare your life, unexpectedly you dare to employ such evil scheme, what kind of hero are you?”

As it turns out Xiao Feng saw Murong Fu pounce towards Duan Yu, his guard is wide open and revealed his weakness, Xiao Feng assume Duan Yu will use his invisible energy sword and kill Murong Fu with 1 move, unexpectedly Duan Yu stop attacking and stay his hand at the critical moment, Murong Fu’s attack is strangely quick, although Xiao Feng move quickly but he is still too late to prevent the judge-pen attack. Murong Fu follow up and execute the move “Fishing A Needle From The Sea”, Xiao Feng seize the opportunity and grab the ‘Shendao acupoint’ on his back. Although Murong Fu’s martial art is no match for Xiao Feng but it is not to the extent of being captured in 1 move, because Murong Fu is filled with shame and anger, he focus solely on killing Duan Yu, thus he did not bother to guard his body. Xiao Feng use his exquisite grabbing technique, he target vital acupoints, thus Murong Fu cannot move anymore.

Xiao Feng’s stature is big and tall, he have long hands and feet, he lifted Murong Fu in midair, the appearance is akin to an eagle clutching a little chick. Deng BaiChuan, GongYe Gan, Bao BuTong, Feng BoE, four of them shout in unison: “Don’t harm our young master!” they rush forward together. Wang YuYan also rush forward and shout: “Cousin, cousin!” Murong Fu wish he can die right way rather than suffer this humiliation.

Xiao Feng sneered: “Xiao Feng is a proper man, unexpectedly i share the same fame with this kind of person!” he exerted strength in his arm and toss Murong Fu away.

Murong Fu flew 7-8 zhang away, he bend his waist and was about to stand up, unexpectedly when Xiao Feng grabbed his ‘Shendao acupoint’, Xiao Feng’s internal energy penetrate to the surrounding meridian channels, Murong Fu cannot disperse the numbness in his hands and feet, with a ‘Peng’ sound his back landed on the ground, his hands and feet spread out, he fell down in an extremely unsightly manner. Spectators murmured in low voices and clamour repeatedly.

Deng BaiChuan and the rest quickly turn around and rush towards Murong Fu. Murong Fu channelled his internal energy, he did not wait for Deng BaiChuan and the rest to arrive, he turn over and stood up. His face white and bloodless, he stretch out his hand and draw out a long sword hanging by Bao BuTong’s waist, immediately after his left hand made a circular move, he block Deng BaiChuan and the rest, his right wrist flip over and swing the sword horizontally across his neck. Wang YuYan scream: “Cousin, no………..”

At this moment there is loud sound, the air split open, a hidden weapon flew from around 10 zhang away, it traverse across the ground and knock onto the sword held by Murong Fu, there is a clanking sound, the sword flew out from Murong Fu’s hand, his hand stained with blood, the web between his thumb and forefinger was split open.

Murong Fu was astonished, he raise his head and look towards the direction the hidden weapon came from, he saw a grey-robed monk standing by the hillside, his face covered by a grey cloth.

The monk took large strides and stop beside Murong Fu, he said: “You have a son?” his voice is aged.

Murong Fu said: “I have yet to marry, how can i have a son?” the grey-robed monk said: “You have ancestors?” Murong Fu was angered, he said loudly: “Of course! I wish to die, what business is it to you? A warrior can be killed but not humiliated, Murong Fu is a man, i cannot stand your rudeness.” the grey-robed monk said: “Your great-great-grandfather have a son, your great grandfather, grandfather, father, all of them have a son, but how come you don’t have a son! Hei hei, the glorious times of Murong in Great Yan, Murong Ke, Murong Chui, Murong De, Murong LongCheng, all of them great heroes, unexpectedly their generation broken and left without any future male offspring!”

Murong Huang, Murong Ke, Murong Chui, Murong De, etc, they are the brave lord and famed monarch of Great Yan, Murong LongCheng is the creator of the consummate skill [Star Shifting Movement], each one of them renown over the world, they established great undertaking, they are also the ancestors of Murong Fu. Murong Fu was blinded by his rage, suddenly when he heard the name of these five ancestors, cold sweat drip down his forehead, he pondered: “Father cautioned me repeatedly, i have to make the restoration of Great Yan my lifelong ambition, today due to a moment of rage i seek to commit suicide, henceforth my Xianbei Murong family will be left without a heir. I don’t have a son, how can i bring honour to my ancestors and restore Great Yan?” his back and forehead is covered with cold sweat, at once he kneel down and said: “Murong Fu’s experience and knowledge is lacking, i gained the guidance of senior monk, your great kindness and virtue, i will remember it for as long as i live.”

The grey-robed monk accepted his worship calmly, he said: “Since ancient times those who achieved great merits, which one of them did not suffer untold hardships? The first Han emperor Liu Bang blockaded on BaiDeng plateau, Emperor GuangWu of Han’s northern expedition, if all of them are like you, drawing their sword to cut their throat, their narrow-mindedness will merely end Han dynasty, how can they restore their state? You are inferior to even Gou Jian and HanXin, truly ignorant and lacking knowledge!”

Murong Fu kneel down to receive instruction, he was frightened: “This divine monk seems to know my inner ambition, unexpectedly he use Han Gaozu and GuangWu these founding fathers as comparison.” he said: “Murong Fu realize his mistake!” the grey-robed monk said: “Get up!” Murong Fu respectfully kowtow 3 times and stood up.

The grey-robed monk said: “The martial arts handed down by your Gusu Murong family, they are mythical and profound, truly rare in the present age, but you have yet to perfect it, don’t tell me it can’t be compared with Dali’s Duan family [Six Meridian Divine Swords]? Look closely now!” he extend his forefinger and pointed 3 times.

Currently Duan ZhengChun and Ba TianShi are standing beside Duan Yu, Duan ZhengChun already use [Yiyang Finger] to seal the surrounding acupoints on Duan Yu’s wound, Ba TianShi was about to pull out the judge-pen from Duan Yu’s shoulder, unexpectedly the finger force from the grey-robed monk arrived, both of them felt their chest turn numb and they collapse backwards, immediately after the judge-pen shoot out from Duan Yu’s shoulder, with a ‘Pa’ sound it plunge into the ground. After falling down, Duan ZhengChun and Ba TianShi turn over and leap up immediately, both of them overwhelmed with shock. Clearly the grey-robed monk was lenient, if not he would have killed the two of them with this finger move.

The grey-robed monk said in a bright voice: “This is your Murong family’s [Canhe Finger]! Old monk learn in from your forefather, but i only learn till superficial level, you can well imagine the various marvellous martial arts of Murong family. Hei hei, don’t tell me with your tiny amount of skill you are fit to bear this great reputation of “Returning you with your own move”?”

The crowd of heroes were initially excited by Gusu Murong’s famed fighting prowess, however they saw Murong Fu being defeated by Duan Yu, afterwards he was defeated by Xiao Feng, they pondered: “He does not match up to his famed reputation! Although it is not entirely false reputation, but it is not so amazing as to shake the entire world by force.” afterwards the saw the grey-robed monk demonstrate his divine skill, he claim he merely learn Murong family’s [Canhe Finger] till superficial level, they cannot help but feel their respect for Gusu Murong being reborn again. However everyone had the same doubt: “Who is this grey-robed monk? What is his relationship with Murong family?”

The grey-robed monk turn around, he cupped his fists at Xiao Feng and said: “Noble warrior Qiao’s martial art is unsurpassed, your reputation well-deserved, old monk wish to ask for advice!” Xiao Feng guard against him long ago, when the monk cupped his fists he immediately cupped his fists to return the courtesy and said: “I don’t deserve it!” their internal energies collided, both of them sway slightly.

At this moment, a black shadow appear from mid air, akin to a big eagle swooping down, it landed between the grey-robed monk and Xiao Feng. This person drop down from the sky abruptly, its simply too sudden, everyone was equally amazed and shouted out, when the person landed on the ground they finally saw clearly, as it turns out he is holding onto a long rope, the other end of the rope is attached to the top of a tree 10 zhang away. This person covered his face with a black cloth, he only revealed a pair of cold electrifying eyes.

The black-robed man and grey-robed monk stare at each other, after a long time, none of them open their mouth to speak. The stature of these two men are tall, but the black-robed man is more sturdy, the grey-robed man is slim.

Xiao Feng however was very happy and grateful, from the rope technique used by the black-robed man to move over great distances, Xiao Feng recognize him at the same black-robed man who rescued him at JuXian Manor. Of the people currently gathered at Mount Shaoshi, quite a number of them participated in the battle at JuXian Manor, however the black-robed man came and went quickly, nobody saw his movement clearly and thus they did not recognize him.

After a long time, both men said suddenly: “You……” however they stop talking immediately after uttering ‘You’. After a period of time, the grey-robed monk finally said: “Who are you?” the black-robed man said: “Then who are you?”

The crowd heard the voice of this black-robed monk, they pondered: “His voice is aged, it seems he is also an old monk.”

Xiao Feng heard the voice of the black-robed monk, it is precisely the same voice who lectured him at the deserted mountain, Xiao Feng’s heart throb violently, he want to rush forward immediately, kowtow and offer his gratitude.

The grey-robed monk said: “You hide in Shaolin Temple for 10 years, you finally pilfered enough rare martial art manuals from Shaolin?” the black-robed man said: “I want to ask you as well, you hide in Shaolin Temple for 10 years, the manuals inside Shaolin’s Scripture-Depository Pavilion, you finally copied enough?”

When these two men spoke out, all Shaolin monks were flabbergasted, the pondered: “How come these two men accuse each other of stealing rare martial art manuals from Shaolin? Don’t tell me it really happen?”

The grey-robed monk said: “I hide in Shaolin Temple, it is for the sake of borrowing some things to read.” the back-robed man said: “I hide in Shaolin Temple, it is also for the sake of borrowing some things to read. We cross swords with each other 3 times, it is time we differentiate who is stronger, who is weaker.” the grey-robed monk said: “Correct. Honoured sir, your martial art is solid, i am extremely grateful for your many pointers.” the black-robed man said: “Your heart is never complacent, you forge on ahead relentlessly, brother admires you very much.”

The grey-robed monk said: “Since this is the case, then there is no need for us to compare anymore.” the black-robed man said: “Very good.” both men nod their heads, they walk together to the base of a large tree, they sat down shoulder to shoulder, close their eyes and did not speak anymore.

The grey-robed monk is meditating under the tree, recalling the events for the past 10 years, images of past events came thick and fast:

This grey-robed monk is Murong Fu’s father, Murong Bo. For the past few years he concealed his identity and feign death, in reality he operates in secret in Central Plains.

Previously, Murong Bo was terror-stricken, he fled from YanMen Pass and return to Suzhou’s Swallow Dock Canhe Manor, he shut the doors to the basement and hide inside for 7 days. For 7 days his body trembled, his mind wrapped in fear, no matter how his wife tried to comfort or persuade, he was unable to lessen the fear in his heart. The tragic scene at YanMen Pass, flesh and blood flying, it gave him insomnia, if he manage to sleep he will always dream of the man with face full of whiskers, his round eyes, eyes dripping with blood, yet his eyes seem to be spitting fire, his left hand waving about, the sabre in his right hand hacking around, muscles and bones shattered, heads fall onto the ground. Murong Bo hid at a distant mountain behind a rock, he saw this Khitan warrior kill 10 Han heroes in an instant, he knock down the leader as well as Beggar Clan Chief Wang JianTong, using a short sabre he carved words on the mountain wall, he leap into the deep valley, later he toss a baby from the valley……Murong Bo hid behind the rock for a long time, when the sky turn dark, a Han warrior carried the baby and left with the leader and Wang JianTong, Murong Bo was paralyze from head to toe, it is difficult for him to take even 1 step….

Murong Bo was instructed by his father since childhood, he have to make “Restoration of Yan” his lifelong ambition, however Liao and Song share good relations with each other, there is no opportunity at all, thus Mrong Bo brought along his wealth and travelled to Liao nation, he made friends with Khitan nobles, afterwards he move one step further and acquaint himself with court affairs of Liao nation. The Empress Dowager of Liao is in control and her most trusted clansman is the military drill master of Coral Army, Xiao YuanShan. This person possess extremely high martial arts, throughout his life he advocate friendly relations between Liao and Song, whenever Liao generals proposed to invade Song, Xiao YuanShan will immediately advice the Empress Dowager, both nations enjoy good fortune due to this armistice: Liao nation collects silver and silk from Song, the society is rich, food plentiful, however once war breaks out, citizens will have their homes ravaged, traitors will fawn and try to seize power, riot and disorder will surely plague the nation.

The Empress Dowager was utterly convinced by Xiao YuanShan, thus the invasion of Song never materialize. Murong Bo knew the opportunity to restore Yan lies in eliminating Xiao YuanShan, he hatch a plan in secret, he inquired about Xiao YuanShan’s personal preference, he tried to uncover a weakness which he can put his hands on. One day he heard from a distant relative of Xiao YuanShan, the birthday of Xiao YuanShan’s father-in-law is on the 8th of September, on that day he will surely take his wife and child to Wuzhou to congratulate his father-in-law. To travel from Liao nation to Wuzhou, the most common path is to travel south from YanMen pass until the Great Wall, from there travel west to Wuzhou, the terrain is flat, much easier to travel when compared to the northern mountain route which is more rugged.

When Murong Bo obtained the news, its already August, thus he rush to Shaolin immediately to deliver the news, he claim Liao nation will dispatch martial art experts, on Chongyang Festival they will carry out a large scale raid on Shaolin, their purpose is to steal ancient and rare martial art manuals hidden in Shaolin, they will then impart this first-class martial arts to solider of Liao nation. Years later Liao nation will send their army southward, on the battlefield Song’s army will not be their match, the Han people will surely be in danger.

This matter concerns the lives of citizens as well as the survival of Central Plains martial art fraternity, thus Shaolin immediately spread the news around, many heroes convene at Shaolin to plan how to deal with the situation. Murong Bo just came from Liao nation, the court affairs, military strength, he knows all of them clearly, there was no loophole in his speech. The crowd of heroes reached an agreement, they will split into groups and head for Wuzhou, Daizhou, Shuozhou and Yingzhou to try and obstruct them. YanMen Pass is the key route for Liao nation to travel southward, thus the heroes gathered their best fighters and hid at YanMen Pass, eventually they encountered Xiao YuanShan’s party. Although they killed his wife, but Xiao YuanShan’s martial art is truly frightening to the extreme, it is really hard to imagine…..

When the heroes eventually discover something amiss about the situation, they will surely visit Murong Bo’s home to inquire, Murong Bo had long predict this outcome, he did not want to be interrogated by his friends from the martial arts fraternity, he fabricate rumour and deceive people, his true motive is to incite hatred between Liao and Song, hoping for an opportunity to “restore Yan nation”, how can he carry out this task in a straightforward manner? Although his martial art is not weak, but the Han have many men, in the end he will not be able hold them back. Thus he left YanMen Pass and return south immediately, he live in seclusion in the basement of his house and never take 1 step out. During that period Shaolin sent its monk over to investigate, Murong Bo already instruct his wife to tell them he left half a year ago to travel, till now he have yet to return, the family is very concerned and hope senior monks from Shaolin can assist to look for his whereabouts.

The ancestor of Murong family, Murong LongCheng created the consummate skill [Star Shifting Movement], although this wondrous skill can divert an opponent’s attack and established the famed reputation of “Returning you with your own move”, but it is akin to “sewing someone’s trousseau”. Murong Bo thought to himself, Shaolin is the chief of martial art studies, if he can obtain its 72 supreme consummate skills and secretly teach it to his own troops, then their chances of restoring Yan nation would be like a tiger that has grown wings, its power redouble and form strengthened.

Successive generation of Murong’s heirs all conspire to restore Yan, the family amassed mountains of gold and silver. Murong Bo discuss with his wife, he disguised himself as a trader and brought alot of gold and silver to Dengfeng city in Henan, he set up a business selling local products and build up relations with local merchants, afterwards he move to the farms near Shaolin and acquired their local products, subsequently he purchased their house and farmland and set up his home there. He planned far ahead, he often wore bamboo hat, carrying a hoe, tilling the ground and planting fruits and vegetables at the rear mountain of Shaolin’s Scripture-Depository Pavilion, he became friends with the monks in charge of taking care of Scripture-Depository Pavilion, he frequently offered gifts such as peach, apricot, pear, jujube, etc, fresh agriculture products. Less than half a year later, how Scripture-Depository Pavilion protect itself against fire, how they dry books, shift schedules, collections of rare books, etc, he knows everything clearly. Murong Bo have hidden agenda, but other people did not, the monks-in-charge did not suspect anything. Shaolin Temple have always been benevolent and kind, whenever someone ask to borrow Buddhist scriptures to read they will welcome it greatly. Initially Murong Bo borrowed <>, <>, <>, etc, eventually he start borrowing profound texts such as <> .

When the time was ripe and the monk-in-charge no longer guard against him, during the 3rd night watch, he secretly entered the Scripture-Depository Pavilion, on a bookshelf he found the manual to [Blossom Grasping Finger], he almost turn mad from excitement, he took it back to his residence and studied carefully, the handwritten copy depict training methods from basic to advance level, the methods subtle and exquisite, the manual also states that once mastered the practitioner’s finger can penetrate wood and bricks, its power extremely formidable. At once Murong Bo lit an oil lamp, he took out pen and paper and made an exact copy of this [Blossom Grasping Finger] manual. The following evening, Murong Bo infiltrate the Scripture-Depository Pavilion again, he return [Blossom Grasping Finger] manual back to its original place, afterwards he took [Vajra Fist] which consists of four volume. He posses extraordinary perception, once he detect anything odd inside the Pavilion he will simply hide and not return for several days. Base on his high-level martial arts, the monk-in-charge never notice his borrowing and returning of treasured books.

This copying of books went on for 4 months, eventually he obtained 28 supreme consummate skills, around 30 volume of books. It is already winter, on the last night of the year, he miss his wife very much, thus he return back to Suzhou and brought along the 30 volume of martial art manuals, it can be said he returned from a rewarding journey. He hid the manuals inside the basement, he selected several consummate skills and started to practice them daily, he trained relentless. That winter his wife became pregnant, thus Murong Bo remain in Suzhou and wait for the child to be born. He named his son Murong Fu, he hope his son can follow in his footsteps and continue their ancestor’s ambition.

Murong Bo continued the wishes of his ancestors, the ambition to restore his nation boiling in his heart, thus he start to grow a beard, his face painted with mild ink to turn his skin tone dark, he wore embroidered brocade, his wife drew his eyebrow downwards and deepen the lines at the corner of his mouth, his facial expression became distressed, even old companion would not be able to recognize him. After changing his appearance, he left and start to make friends widely, he claims to be surnamed Yan, named LongYuan, he inherited the family business of selling pearls and jewels, he even change his Suzhou dialect into Henan’s Dengfeng district dialect. Murong family amassed wealth for several generation, the family is rich and powerful, Murong Bo put the wealth to good use, he was generous in spending, his manner extraordinary, anxious to help people resolve their difficulties, thus he gathered quite a number of close friends.

In the following autumn, he disguised himself as a merchant and left Dengfeng to move back into his old residence, in the evening he infiltrate Shaolin’s Scripture-Depository Pavilion to borrow martial art manuals, several months later he manage to copy another 10 set of skills. One day, while perusing the books, he saw a pile of books on the left-hand side bookshelf, the topmost book is titled “Essence of Prajna Palm”, he took the book immediately and put it in his bosom. As he was about to leave he felt a gust of wind behind his back, someone tap his left shoulder and whispered: “Follow me!”

Murong Bo was frighten, how come he was completely unaware when the person was near? When he turn his head he saw a tall and sturdy figure dash out of the pavilion, he extend his leg and followed. The person rush for several li and arrive at an open field between a valley. The person suddenly stop moving, he turn around and said: “You learn Shaolin’s martial art secretly, you must have some achievement correct? Let me test you.” when he finish speaking he launch his palm towards Murong Bo. Murong Bo don’t dare to be careless and raise his palm to meet it, while pushing aside the palm he felt the opposing palm force is fierce, internal energy strong and vigorous, he immediately retreat 1 step and said: “I entered the Scripture-Depository Pavilion to borrow martial art manuals, after making a copy of it i return the original promptly, i don’t dare to cause the slightest bit of damage to the book. The handwritten copy is only for my own self-study, i never impart it to other people. Sire are you a Shaolin disciple? I beg for your magnanimity and not pursue this matter.”

The person laugh and said: “I am not from Shaolin, however i have some grudge with Shaolin, sooner or later i will fight till death with experts from the temple. I also want to borrow martial art manuals from the Scripture-Depository Pavilion, i want to see for myself, the world famous supreme consummate skills of Shaolin, does the temple truly lack any real talent or the skills are truly profound and difficult to train. In the future when we meet in the Scripture-Depository Pavilion again there is no need for worries, each of us will just go his own way.” Murong Bo: “Then it cannot be much better. I am Yan LongYuan, today i get to meet a virtuous person, i consider it my great fortune.” The person cupped his fists and said: “Brother Yan, no need to be so modest, i will take my leave now!” he extend his legs and dash towards the hill on the right side.

After trading palm with the person, Murong Bo became even more cautious in his operation, after making 10 more copies of martial art manuals he start to miss his wife and son, thus he return back south to home.

The next year, Murong Bo went back to Dengfeng, every night he continue to make copies of martial art manuals. 2 months later he met the sturdy man outside the Scripture-Depository Pavilion, the man invite him for a duel again, his speech did not bore any evil intention. Both of them are fighting for the 2nd time, after trading 100 moves, Murong Bo jump backwards, he bow and said: “Many thanks for your guidance, i am not your match!” the sturdy man said: “Brother Yan, no need to be so modest. You refuse to be complacent, you are a good man, i admire you very much. We will meet again next year!”

This appointment is to test Murong Bo’s martial arts. Thus, Murong Bo return to Suzhou to train. Autumn pass and winter arrive, Murong Bo bid farewell to his wife and return to being a merchant at Dengfeng, every night he infiltrate Scripture-Depository Pavilion to make copies of martial art manuals, several months later he made 30 copies. On a particular night he entered the Scripture-Depository Pavilion, he look at the bookshelves, excluding the martial art manuals he copied, the bookshelves are all filled with <>, <>, <>, <>, <>, etc, various scriptures and sutras, there are no manuals for training internal energy. He gave a sigh, he made around 50-60 copies of Shaolin’s supreme consummate skills, every set of skill require at least several years of diligent practice, the martial art manuals he owned now, he can never master all of them in his lifetime, there is no need for him to copy anymore martial art manuals and risk being found out by Shaolin’s experts. He left the Scripture-Depository Pavilion and gaze at the full moon, suddenly his thoughts lighten, akin to removing a huge rock, he felt his spirit become clear and refreshing.

Suddenly a figure came at him from the right side and said: “Brother Yan, let us trade palm again!” it is the tall and sturdy man. Both of them rush to the open field between a valley, the sturdy man did not give any warning and attack his face directly, Murong Bo wave his palm to parry, both of them traded palm and fist moves, they did not make the slightest bit of sound. The palm technique of the sturdy man had multiple variations, Murong Bo displayed his Shaolin’s supreme consummate skills one by one, [Prajna Palm], [Formless Plundering Finger], [Blossom Grasping Finger], even skills that require weapon such as the [Demon Subduing Staff], [Nine Heaven Nine Earth Shovel], Murong Bo also transform them into fist and palm techniques. Both of them are fighting near each other, after the time taken to eat a meal they traded over 300 moves. When the duel reach a critical stage, Murong Bo suddenly jump backwards, he cupped his fists and said: “Many thanks for your guidance, sir is lenient towards me, i really benefit a lot from you.”

The sturdy man said: “Brother Yan, your martial art is exquisite, we are equally matched. Brother Yan, since you came here to steal martial art manuals from Shaolin then you must not be on good terms with Shaolin, i have deep hatred towards Shaolin, we can be considered kindred spirits as we share the same enemy.” Murong Bo have yet to reply, the sturdy man turn around and ran to a distant place.

Suddenly Murong Bo heard a meek voice behind him: “Shizu, junior monk greets you!” Murong Bo turn around, he saw a youthful monk wearing yellow-robe standing 5 chi away, the monk is smiling, his pair of hands press together in respect. Murong Bo cupped his fists to return the courtesy and said: “Great master calls out to me, how may i help you?” the monk said: “Junior monk is a tantric Buddhist monk from Tubo, just now i witness shizu trading palm with someone, your martial arts exquisite to the extreme, junior monk admire you very much, thus i step forward boldly to chat.” Murong Bo said: “Great master came from a distant place, the journey must be difficult, please come to my humble home to have some tea so that i may ask you for guidance.” at once both of them revealed their names. Jiumozhi witness Murong Bo’s fist and palm techniques, he admire it very much, thus he followed Murong Bo cheerfully.

They discussed martial arts, Jiumozhi intend to learn techniques from Murong Bo, however since he have no relationship with him the other party will surely reject if he rashly seek to learn consummate skills, the only way is to “toss a peach and get back a plum”, both side benefit, he said: “Mr Murong, junior monk came from Tubo’s Tantric Nyingma School, we had violent struggles with heretic sects in Tubo, i learn this [Blazing Sabre Skill] from my master. [Blazing Sabre Skill] condenses internal energy at the palm, the energy is then delivered out, its power extremely formidable. Today we had a congenial meeting, i don’t dare to boast my ability but merely to seek guidance on martial art skills, Mr Murong please don’t take offence.” when he finish speaking he lifted his palm and gathered internal energy, there is a soft ‘Chi’ sound, a narrow slit appeared on the window paper, the sound of wind can be heard blowing in from the slit.

Murong Bo said: “Great master possess remarkable skill, i admire you very much!” Jiumozhi said: “Junior monk is only at the initial stage of learning [Blazing Sabre Skill], in the future i will surely achieve great success. Today i have a chance encounter with Mr Murong, fate brought us together. Buddhist pay particular attention to fate and predestined affinity, great power will naturally present itself at the appropriate time. Junior monk is brazen, i wish to impart this [Blazing Sabre Skill] to Mr Murong, i wonder if Mr Murong thinks junior monk is too bold?” Murong Bo pondered: “I am a complete stranger to him, unexpectedly he willing impart martial art on his own accord, there must be some deep meaning, i wonder what is his true intention?”

Murong Bo hurriedly stood up and bow. Jiumozhi press his palms together to return the courtesy, he said: “We are not master and disciple, merely mutual interaction between friends, exchanging skills with each other. Mister you cannot be overly courteous.” at once he narrate the training secrets of [Blazing Sabre Skill], he request Murong Bo to only commit it to memory, he cannot record it in writing, the reason behind is when Tantric Buddhist pass down doctrines or skills, they only pass it down by ear, they differ from other Buddhist where they recite scriptures and writings.

Murong Bo commit it to memory attentively, unknowingly the sky already turn bright. Murong Bo said: “Great master, this [Blazing Sabre Skill] is truly an incomparably wonderful skill, base on my knowledge, maybe only Dali’s [Yiyang Finger] can rival it. However it is known than [Yiyang Finger] is slow in gathering internal energy, it cannot be compared with [Blazing Sabre Skill] which can be executed at will.” Jiumozhi said: “This is probably due to different levels of internal energy in the practitioner.” Murong Bo said: “Precisely. It is rumoured that Dali’s Duan family possess the consummate skill [Six Meridian Divine Swords], they can fire off six streams of internal energy from the finger, when use in combination the power is even more magical, to obtain such technique is truly difficult.” Jiumozhi said: “The top experts from Dali’s Duan family, all of them are gathered at TianLong Monastery, to gain <>, you must visit TianLong Monastery. Eminent monks from TianLong Monastery and i are all Buddhist disciples, i can try to ask for the manual. If by fluke i manage to obtain it i will naturally share it with Mister.”

Murong Bo pondered: ” <> is a rare treasure, yet he is willing to share it with me? Firstly it is just a brief remark from him, he will surely not take the trouble to beg for it, secondly for martial art practitioners, they suffer untold hardships to obtain divine skills, i have no relationship with him, yet he is willing to present it to me so easily? Just now he mention about ” exchanging skills with each other”, most likely that is the essential point.” he said: “There is a common saying: There is no reward for the undeserving. Great master impart [Blazing Sabre Skill] to me, i cannot thank you enough, i infiltrate Shaolin’s Scripture-Depository Pavilion and copied the training methods to the 72 supreme consummate skills, currently i have around 30 handwritten copies with me. I will make a duplicate copy and present it to Great master. The other 50 copies are at Suzhou, in the next few days i will return home and make a duplicate copy of them as well. I will wait for Great master to acquire <>, i invite Great master to Suzhou Basin of Swallow’s Canhe Manor to exchange <> for 50 copies of Shaolin supreme consummate skill, Great master are you agreeable?”

Jiumozhi is extremely happy, both of them clap each other’s hands 3 times to seal the agreement, each of them have to put in great effort to fulfil their promise so that they may exchange the martial art manuals in the future. Jiumozhi state clearly: Eminent monks from TianLong Monastery possess deep and profound martial arts, he is at the initial stage of training [Blazing Sabre Skill], he cannot proceed and demand for the <> right away, he have to first dedicate himself to further training, once he achieve great success in his training he will naturally carry out the promise he made today. Murong Bo took out the 30 handwritten copies, at once he begin to make a duplicate copy along with Jiumozhi, several days later the task was done and he presented it to Jiumozhi. Jiumozhi expressed his thanks repeatedly, he return to Tubo to study Shaolin’s supreme consummate skill, he knew his mastery of [Blazing Sabre Skill] is shallow, thus he put in painstaking effort and practiced diligently.

Years flew by quickly, for the past few years, Murong Bo, Murong Fu, both father and son studied their martial art records intensively, their martial art skill progress over time. One day, Murong Fu went to the rear hall to report, Shaolin’s XuanBei is seeking an audience. Murong Fu act according to his father’s instruction, he went out and report to XuanBei and said that his father is not at home, he did not give any hints or sign as to his whereabouts. Murong Bo hid in the basement for several days, when XuanBei left for a distant place he had a secret discussion with his wife, he will feign death to prevent further trouble. When Murong Bo left the house for several months, his wife told their son and henchmen, the old master had passed away, they will make preparation for funeral arrangements, prepare coffin, send out obituary, display spirit tablet, hold a memorial service, burial.

After hiding for several years, Murong Bo made a move quietly, he became Yan LongYuan and made appearances at Lianghuai region, he claims to be a subordinate of “Gusu Murong”, he issued Yan banner and warrant, relying on his superior martial arts he won over heroes of Jianghu and expanded his influence, however he never reveal any news of his appearance. Murong Fu gradually grew older, his appearance handsome and refined, he became an accomplished martial artist and made a name for himself in Jianghu, “Southern Murong” along with “Northern QiaoFeng”, the top 2 experts of Central Plains martial arts fraternity.

Several years flew by again, Murong Bo receive news of Master XuanBei visit of Dali, thus he follow secretly, he made a sneak attack at ShenJie Temple in Liangzhou. Master XuanBei was caught off guard, he relied on Shaolin’s supreme consummate skill [Great Skanda Pestle] to repel the enemy. Murong Bo use his family own martial arts, unexpectedly XuanBei’s martial art is deep and profound, his [Great Skanda Pestle] strangely formidable, its power far beyond Murong Bo’s expectation, he underestimate the enemy and was unable to hold him off, thus he had no alternative but to display his [Star Shifting Movement], he redirected the power of [Great Skanda Pestle] back at XuanBei, XuaBei was hit by his own move and met a violent death.

Sometime later, Jiumozhi went to Dali’s TianLong Monastery and captured Duan Yu, he arrive at the residence of Murong’s maid servant AhBi, he declare he will burn this living <> in front of Murong Bo’s tomb in return for the promised martial art manuals. AhZhu and AhBi report the matter to Madam Murong, they received orders to go through the motions and entertain Jiumozhi and to escape with Duan Yu. Unexpectedly the past history of Beggar Clan Chief Qiao Feng was exposed, Murong Bo knew the grudge 10 years ago will surely be uncovered again, he was extremely worried, his wife and son must not involve themselves in this matter or they will invite disaster. Unfortunately Murong Fu end up fighting with Xiao Feng at the meeting in Shaolin Temple.

Murong Fu was saved by the grey-robed monk, he was ashamed yet grateful, however he thought his father had died, he was not aware that this grey-robed monk is his own father, he pondered: “This senior monk is an acquaintance of my forefather, i wonder if it is my grandfather or my father? In the future with regards to the restoration of Great Yan i definitely have to consult this senior monk and ask for direction, i cannot waste this opportunity to know him.” he retreat to the side, he don’t dare to disturb him, he will wait for the grey-robed monk to stand up before asking for advice.

Wang YuYan recounted that Murong Fu almost commit suicide moments ago, she is still extremely frightened, she held onto his sleeves, her tears overflowing. Murong Fu was annoyed, however ultimately it is out of her good intention, it is not appropriate for him to brush her aside.

The grey-robed monk and black-robed man appeared in succession, while they sat down to meditate under the tree, Xu Zhu and Ding ChunQiu are still engaged in the fierce battle. Currently the crowd turn their attention to these two men.

Chrysanthemum Sword suddenly recalled something, she walk towards the 18 Khitan warriors and said: “My owner is fighting, he have to drink some wine to increase his strength.” a Khitan warrior said: “We have a lot of wine here, Miss please make use of it.” he lifted two big leather bags. Chrysanthemum Sword smile and said: “Many thanks! My owner does not have high capacity for liquor, one bag is sufficient.” she took 1 bag of alcohol and pull out the wood stopper, she walk slowly towards Xu Zhu and Ding ChunQiu and shouted out: “Owner, you need wine to plant the life-death talisman on Old Freak of XingXiu!” she exerted strength and revolve the bag horizontally, the alcohol in the bag became a stream of wine arrows and shoot towards Xu Zhu. Plum, Orchid and Bamboo Sword clap their hands and shouted: “Sister Chrysanthemum, wonderful!”

Suddenly they heard a sweet delicate female voice singing: “Fragrant and fresh coloured dew, cloud and rain in vain at Mount Wushan. I am Yang Guifei, good wine good wine, slaves intoxicated by the side of Agarwood Pavilion!”

Xu Zhu fought Ding ChunQiu for a long time, he have no idea how to subdue him, as he heard his subordinate from Vulture Palace shout out ‘life-death talisman’, the wine arrow from Chrysanthemum Sword arrive, at once he lifted his hand and grab, he caught a handful, suddenly he saw 8 people appearing from the mountain, they are ‘Zither Craze’ Kang GuangLing, ‘Chess Devil’ Fan BaiLing, ‘Bookworm’ Gou Du, ‘Painting Fanatic’ Wu LingJun, ‘Divine Physician’ Xue Muhua, ‘Marvellous Craftsman’ Feng Asan, ‘Flower Zealot’ Shi QingFeng, ‘Opera Fan’ Li KuiLei, the “Eight Friends of Hangu”. The eight of them saw Xu Zhu and Ding ChunQiu exchange fists and kicks freely, fighting to their heart’s content, at once they cheered: “Martial uncle sect leader display his brilliant abilities today, quickly kill Ding ChunQiu, avenge our martial grandfather and master!”

Currently Chrysanthemum Sword is still shooting wine towards Xu Zhu, her martial art is mediocre, unexpectedly a small portion spray towards Ding ChunQiu. The Old Freak of XingXiu is engaged in a fierce battle with Xu Zhu, they fought for over an hour, however his opponent seems to have inexhaustible wonderful moves, his movement was restricted and he cannot utilize his arsenal of sorcery, unexpectedly a stream of wine arrive, he had a sudden inspiration, he brush his left sleeve, the wine dispersed and became rain of wine and splash towards Xu Zhu. Powerful internal energy is flowing across Xu Zhu’s entire body, tens of thousands wine droplet arrive, none of them hit his clothes as they were deflected by his internal energy, suddenly he heard two ‘Ah Ah’ cry, Chrysanthemum Sword turn over and collapsed. When Ding ChunQiu disperse the wine and turn it into droplets, every single drop contains deadly poison. Chrysanthemum Sword is standing nearby, the poison rain landed on her body and she collapsed immediately.

Duan Yu is standing by the side, he saw Wang YuYan grabbing onto Murong Fu’s sleeve, he felt very dull, he saw Chrysanthemum Sword being hit by the poison rain and collapsing, he knew she is the subordinate of his 2nd brother, thus he rush forward to carry Chrysanthemum Sword and retreat.

Xu Zhu is extremely concerned about Chrysanthemum Sword, he is frightened and worried but he don’t know how to save her, he heard Xue MuHua shout out: “Martial uncle, the poison is extremely violent, quickly subdue the old thief and force him to provide the antidote for treatment.” Xu Zhu shout out: “Correct!” he wave his right palm and attack Ding ChunQiu, he secretly channel his internal energy to his left palm and reverse the flow of his [Pure Energy of Northern Darkness], soon after the wine in his left palm turn into 7-8 pieces of cold ice, ‘Sou Sou Sou’ he smack his right palm 3 times.

Ding ChunQiu felt cold wind assault his body, he was startled: “The hard and yang internal energy of this little bald thief, how come it changed?” he hurriedly gathered strength to ward it off, suddenly he felt a slight cooling sensation on his “QuePen acupoint”, akin to being hit by snowflake, immediately after the “Tianshu acupoint” on his underbelly, “FuTu acupoint” on his thigh, “TianQuan acupoint” on his upper arm, he felt cooling sensation on these 3 region. Ding ChunQiu increase his palm force to resist, suddenly his “Tianzhu acupoint” on his nape, “Shendao acupoint” on his back, “Zhishi acupoint” on his lower back, he felt cooling sensation on these 3 region as well, Ding ChunQiu was greatly surprised: “No matter how yin frost his palm strength, it definitely cannot bend around and attack my back, moreover the cooling sensations are all on acupoints, i wonder what kind of strange sorcery that little bald thief is using? I have to be careful.” both of his sleeve brush outward, the sleeve concealing his leg, he kick violently at Xu Zhu.

Unexpectedly when his right leg kicked halfway his “Futu acupoint” and “Zhishi acupoint” became strangely itchy at the same time, he cannot help but cry out “Ayo!”. His right toe is already touching Xu Zhu’s monk robe but his two vital acupoints became itchy at the same time, his right leg involuntarily withdraw. After crying out “Ayo”, he cry out “Ayo” “Ayo” two more times.

Ding ChunQiu’s disciples praised loudly: “Divine Elder of XingXiu possess great magical power, he only need to wave his sleeve lightly and little girl will collapse under his might!”

“With just a single step he can make heaven fall and earth rend, with just a wave he can cover the moon and sun!”

“Divine Elder of XingXiu sway his sleeves, spreading the truth, all of you heretics, ox, ghost and snake spirits, each and everyone will die a tragic end!”

Their praise is intermixed with cries of “Ayo” “Ayo”, it is really not compatible. Disciples who are more alert and shrewd already shut their mouth in shock, however a huge majority still shout out and praise loudly.

In an instant Ding ChunQiu felt his, “Quepen”, “Tianshu”, “Futu”, “Tianquan”, “Tianzhu”, “Shendao”, “Zhishi”, seven acupoints became extremely itchy and unbearable, it is akin to having thousands and tens of thousands louse gnawing at the same time. The ice made from wine contains Xu Zhu’s internal energy, cold ice enter the body and dissolve immediately, however the internal energy remain inside the acupoints and meridian channels. Ding ChunQiu was confused, he grope his chest repeatedly and consumed 7-8 antidotes immediately, he circulate his internal energy 5-6 times, however the itch in his acupoints became even more serious. If it was other people they would have roll around on the floor long ago, however Ding ChunQiu possess astonishing divine skills, he persistently endure and persevere, he is staggering about, akin to being intoxicated by wine, his face turn red and white repeatedly, his pair of hands waving wildly, his behaviour terrifying. Since the seven life-death talisman was made from strong alcohol they are different from normal ice.

When the XingXiu disciples saw their master in such sorry state, each and every one of them quieten down, however some still shout out stubbornly: “Divine Elder of XingXiu is using his [Great Golden Immortal Dance Skill], little monk will soon see its ferocious power!”

“When Divine Elder of XingXiu shout ‘Ayo’, a fraction of little monk’s soul is frighten off!”

However this shouting is merely a stubborn attempt to maintain glamour, the shouting is not loud or clear at all.

Li KuiLei sing loudly: “Five blossom horse, thousand pound gold, bring them out to exchange for good wine, we will share thousand worries together. Haha, i am Li Bai! Eight immortals drinking wine, number one is Immortal of Poem Li Bai, number two is Divine Elder of XingXiu Ding ChunQiu!” the crowd saw Ding ChunQiu’s drunken state, he really cut a sorry figure, when they heard Li KuiLei’s speech all of them laugh out loudly.

After some time Ding ChunQiu finally cannot endure it anymore, he tug his beard randomly, strand by strand his beautiful beard fluttered off with the wind, immediately after he rip apart his clothes and reveal his snow white skin. He is already an old man, however his body is still strong like a youngster, he claw himself everywhere and blood start to gush out, he exert strength and tear forcefully and shout repeatedly: “I am dying of itch! I am dying of itch!” after a while his left knee bend down, his shouting became even more wretched.

Xu Zhu felt some regret: “Although this person deserves to be punished but unexpectedly his suffering is so severe. If i had known earlier i would have planted at most 1 or 2 life-death talisman.”

When the crowd saw this martial art expert with child-like countenance, white-hair, exuding immortal aura, unexpectedly he turn into a demon in an instant, his cry akin to wild beast, they cannot help but be overwhelmed with shock, even Li KuiLei was left speechless. However the grey-robed monk and blank-robed man still meditate quietly under the tree, as if they did not see or hear anything.

Abbot XuanCi said: “Excellent, excellent! Xu Zhu, remove the suffering for this shizu!” Xu Zhu replied: “Yes! I sincerely comply with abbot’s decree!” XuanJi said suddenly: “Wait! Martial brother abbot, Ding ChunQiu commit countless evil, senior brother XuanNan and XuanTong died by his hands, how can we let him off so lightly?” Kang GuangLing said: “Martial uncle sect leader, you are the leader of our sect, why the need to listen to an outsider? Our martial grandfather and my master, this great hatred, how can you not avenge them?”

Xu Zhu had no idea how to deal with the situation. Xue MuHua said: “Martial uncle, the priority now is to make him give the antidote.” Xu Zhu nod his head and said: “Correct. Lady Plum Sword, give him half a pill to suppress the itch.” Plum Sword replied: “Yes!” she withdraw a small green bottle from her bosom and took out a pea-size pill, however seeing Ding ChunQiu’s violent and crazy appearance, she don’t dare to go near.

Xu Zhu took the pill, he split it in half and said: “Mr Ding, open your mouth, i will feed you this pill to suppress the itch!” Ding ChunQiu open his mouth widely, Xu Zhu flick his finger lightly and deliver the pill into his throat. The pill cannot take effect immediately thus Ding ChunQiu still roll about on the floor, after a while the strange itch finally subside a little and he stood up.

Ding ChunQiu is still conscious and alert, he knew he cannot rebel or resist anymore, thus he did not wait for Xu Zhu’s instruction and took out an antidote and hand it over to Xue MuHua obediently, he said: “The red coloured is for external application, white coloured is for consumption!” he shout and cry out for quite a long time, thus his voice became hoarse and inaudible. Xue MuHua knew he don’t dare to stir up trouble anymore, thus he act accordingly and apply the antidote on Chrysanthemum Sword.

Plum Sword said brightly: “Old Freak of XingXiu, this half pill can stop the itch for 3 days. After 3 days the strange itch will flare up again, at that time whether our owner will bestow this miracle medicine will depend on how obedient you are.” Ding ChunQiu was trembling from head to toe, he remain silent.

At once several hundred XingXiu disciples rush forward and kneel down in front of Xu Zhu, they request earnestly: “Owner of Vulture Palace is a hero without equal, we humbly submit to you, our devotion unswerving, we will put in utmost effort for owner.”

“This gathering of martial artists, owner will surely become the leader. Owner only need to give the order, we will risk our lives and limbs to go through water and tread on fire!”

In an attempt to make themselves more devoted, many pointed at Ding ChunQiu and curse endlessly, he is a “candle light who dares to fight with the moon and sun”, he is “concealing wicked intentions, utterly sinister”. Some beseech Xu Zhu to execute Ding ChunQiu swiftly to rid the world of an evil person. Gongs and drums rang out, the crowd of disciples begin to sing: “Owner of Vulture Palace, virtue fitting heaven and earth, power shaking the entire world by force, he is without equal from then and now.” other than changing “Divine Elder of XingXiu” to “Owner of Vulture Palace”, the melody and lyrics are exactly the same as those used to praise Ding ChunQiu previously.

Although Xu Zhu is simple and unsophisticated, he cannot help but feel somewhat smug and elated when hearing the praise.

Orchid Sword said loudly: “You despicable vermin, those mushy tune used to praise Old Freak of XingXiu, shameless speech, how dare you use it to praise our owner? Extremely rude!” the XingXiu disciples immediately became terrified, some said: “Yes, yes! Lowly person will come up with a completely new version, guarantee to satisfy fairy sister.” some sing out loudly: “Four fairy sisters, beautify and elegant, their beauty surpass Xi Shi, transcend imperial consort.” after they kowtow to Xu Zhu, the XingXiu disciples voluntarily stood behind the Island-masters and Cave-masters, each of them extremely proud and smug, they disregard the crowd of heroes, Beggar Clan members and Shaolin monks.

XuanCi said: “Xu Zhu, you set up your own school, from now on your conduct have to be chivalrous and righteous, restrain and educate your disciples, don’t let them break the law or commit crimes, bringing disaster and harm to people. Remember to accumulate virtue, do more good deeds, whether you become a monk or not, it is still the same.” Xu Zhu choked with emotions and said: “Yes. Xu Zhu sincerely comply with abbot’s instruction.” XuanCi said: “I cannot abolish your expulsion, however you are exempted from the punishment of rods.”

Suddenly someone laugh loudly and said: “I thought Shaolin valued monastic discipline, enforce the law strictly, but it seems they also curry favour with those in power. Hei hei, owner of Vulture Palace, virtue fitting heaven and earth, power shaking the entire world by force, he is without equal from then and now.” the crowd turn towards the person, it is the Grand Tutor of Tubo Jiumozhi.

XuanCi change countenance and said: “Grand Tutor is righteous in your reproach, old monk admits his mistake. Martial brother XuanJi, arrange for the punishment rod.” XuanJi said: “Yes!” he turn around and said: “Serve the punishment rod!” he turn to Xu Zhu and said: “Xu Zhu, presently you are still a Shaolin disciple, lie down and receive the rod.” Xu Zhu bow and said: “Yes!” he kneel down and salute XuanCi and XuanJi and said: “Disciple Xu Zhu violated temple regulations, i respectfully accept abbot and head-monk of Discipline Courtyard’s rod punishment.”

XingXiu disciples suddenly made a huge din: “You Shaolin monks, how dare you touch old senior’s precious body?”

“If you touch a single strand of hair on old senior, we will fight till death with you. We will sacrifice our lives to protect old senior, die a glorious death.”

“We are loyal and devoted, our flesh and blood is dedicated to protecting our owner!”

Grandma Yu said loudly: “The phrase ‘our owner’, how dare you demons and ghosts use it? Quickly shut your dog mouth!” when the XingXiu disciples heard her shout they became silent immediately, they don’t even dare to breathe loudly.

The enforcement monks from Disciple Courtyard heard XuanJi shout: “Use the rod!” at once a monk remove Xu Zhu’s robe, revealing the skin on his back, the other monk lifted the “Abiding Disciple Rod”. Xu Zhu pondered: “I am receiving punishment from the rod because i did not abide by monastic disciple, for every rod i receive my sin will reduce by a fraction. If i use internal energy to resist, my body won’t experience any pain, then this rod will be wasted.”

Suddenly a sharp female voice shouted out: “Wait, wait! You….what is that on your back?”

The crowd look at Xu Zhu’s back, they saw 9 incense scar burnt neatly on his waist. Currently, the custom of burning incense on one’s head when taking the monk oath have yet to become popular. China’s Buddhism is subdivided into 8 school and 11 faction, there are also small group and minor sect, each of their custom and practice different from each other, quite a number of them advocate ascetic practice, disciples have to burn incense on their head or burn their fingers to show their determination to follow Buddha. Shaolin does not require disciples to burn incense on their head, however they also never forbid disciples from doing so. The incense scar on Xu Zhu’s back is as large as copper coin, evidently they were burnt during infancy, as his body grew up the scars also enlarged, currently the scar is not entirely circular in shape.

A middle-age woman suddenly rush out from the crowd, she is wearing cyan gown, 3 blood scars on her left and right cheek, its precisely one of the “Four Great Evils”, “No Evil Left Undone” Ye ErNiang. She pounce forward, her pair of hands pushing away the two enforcement monks, she grab Xu Zhu’s trousers, wanting to pull it off.

Xu Zhu stood up from shock, he float several chi backward and said: “You….what you doing?” Ye ErNiang is trembling from head to toe, she shout out: “My…..my son!” she spread both arms to embrace Xu Zhu. Xu Zhu dodge her advance and Ye ErNiang hug empty air. Everyone pondered: “This woman is mad?” Ye ErNiang try to hug Xu Zhu several times, however Xu Zhu dodge all her attempts skilfully.

Ye ErNiang act wildly and shout out: “My son, why don’t you recognize your mother?” Xu Zhu shiver with fear, akin to an electric shock, his voice trembled: “You….you are my mother?” Ye ErNiang said: “My son, after giving birth to you, i burnt 9 incense scar on your waist and both side of your buttocks. You have 9 incense scar on both side of your buttocks correct?”

Xu Zhu had a huge shock, indeed there are 9 incense scar on both side of his buttocks. It is there since childhood, he never inquire its origin, he is too shy to discuss it with others, sometimes when he see it while bathing he assume he is fated to follow Buddha, he is born with it naturally, thus his resolute devotion to Buddhist doctrine. When he heard Ye ErNiang’s speech, it is akin to hearing thunderbolt from midair, his voice trembled: “Yes, yes! There are 9 incense scar on both side of my buttocks, you…..mother….did you burn it on me?”

Ye ErNiang burst into tears and cry out: “Yes, yes! How will i know if i did not burn it on you? I….i finally found my son, my biological son!” while crying she stretch her hands to stroke Xu Zhu’s cheek.

Xu Zhu did not dodge, he allow her to embrace him. He have no father or mother, he thought he was an orphan adopted by Shaolin, the incense scar on his buttocks, only his most intimate companion at Shaolin is aware of it, unexpectedly Ye ErNiang is also aware of it, how can it be fake? For the first time in his life he finally get to experience warm motherly love, his tears overflowing, he cried: “Mother…mother, you are my mother!”

The whole affair turn out too abruptly, everyone felt greatly surprised, however seeing both of them hugging and sobbing together, their grief yet happiness, one of them showing deep affection towards her child, the other admire earnestly, quite a number of people felt deep sorrow.

Ye ErNiang said: “My child, you are 24 years old, for the past 24 years i think about you day and night, i was so angry that other people have a son, but my own son was stolen by some wretched thief. I….i stole other people’s son to carry them. But….other people’s son, how can they be better than my own son?”

Crocodile Deity of Southern Sea burst into loud laughter and said: “3rd sister! You always steal other people’s healthy and adorable child for your amusement, when you had enough fun you randomly deliver it to some other family, make it difficult for the parents to find their child, as it turns out your own son was stolen by someone else. Whenever Yue LaoEr ask you the reason you refuse to answer. Very good, fantastic! Little chap Xu Zhu, your mother is my sworn-sister, quickly come here and call me 2nd uncle Yue!” his generation ranking is higher than this owner of Vulture Palace who possess superior martial arts, his joy is no laughing matter when he thought of it. Yun ZhongHe shake his head and said: “Wrong, wrong! Xu ZhuZi is the elder brother of your master, you have to call him martial uncle. I am the sworn-brother of his mother, i am two generation higher than you, quickly call me martial granduncle!” Crocodile Deity of Southern Sea was stumped for words, he spit and cursed: “Damn your grandma, old man refuse to call!”

Ye ErNiang release Xu Zhu’s neck, she held onto his shoulder, looking left and right, her joy boundless, she turn her head towards XuanJi and said: “He is my son, i cannot permit you to hit him!” immediately after she said to Xu Zhu: “Which wretched swindler stole my son and cause us mother and son to separate for 24 years? Child, child, even if we have to travel till the ends of earth, we have to find this wretched swindler, hack him into thousand pieces, turn him into mincemeat, your mother cannot beat him, but my child possess outstanding martial arts, he can avenge his mother.”

All of a sudden, the black-robed man who has been sitting motionless under the tree stood up, he said unhurriedly: “Your son, he was stolen or snatch away by someone? The six blood scars on your face, where did they come from?”

Ye ErNiang’s expression turn grave, she shriek: “You….who are you? You…how did you know?” the black-robed man said: “Don’t tell me you cannot recognize me?” Ye ErNiang shriek even louder: “Ah! It is you, it is you!” she pounce forward and rush to a spot ten feet away, suddenly she stood still, her fingers flexing, gnashing her teeth with rage, her anger has reach the extreme but she don’t dare to move closer.

The black-robed man said: “Correct, i snatch your son, the 6 blood scar on your face, i scratch them.” Ye ErNiang shouted: “Why? Why did you snatch my son? I am a total stranger to you, i have no hatred or enmity with you. You….you….you really make me suffer. For the past 24 years, i suffer endless torment day and night, for what purpose? Why…..why?”

The black-robed man pointed at Xu Zhu and said: “Who is the child’s father?” Ye ErNiang’s entire body is shaking, she said: “He….he….i cannot say.” Xu Zhu is extremely agitated, he rush beside Ye ErNiang and said: “Mother, tell me, who is my father?” Ye ErNiang shake her head repeatedly and said: “I cannot say.”

The black-robed man said slowly: “Ye ErNiang, originally you are a proper lady, gentle and beautiful, virtuous, dignified and chaste. But when you were 18 years old, you was seduced by a reputable martial art expert, you lost your chastity to him and gave birth to this child, correct?” Ye ErNiang remain motionless, after a long time she finally nod her head and said: “Yes. But he did not seduce me, i am the one who seduce him.” the black-robed man said: “This man only care about his own reputation and future, he did not care about the plight of a young unwed mother of a child, how miserable her fate.” Ye ErNiang said: “No! He cared, he gave me a lot of gold and silver, he arrange and plan for my livelihood for the rest of my life.” the black-robed man said: “Then why did he let you drift around Jianghu in solitude?”

Ye ErNiang said: “I cannot marry him. How can he take me as his wife? He is a good person, he have always treated me well. I do not wish to implicate him. He….he is a good person.” from her speech, evidently she is still full of longing for this lover who abandoned her, the love and affection from olden days, they are not affected by her misery, they did not fade away with time at all.

Everyone pondered: “Ye ErNiang is a well known evil doer, however she is still deeply devoted to her lover. Who is this man?”

Duan Yu, Ruan XingZhu, Hua HeGen, Fan Hua, Ba TianShi, when they heard her mention her lascivious sin from past, they cannot help but glance furtively at Duan ZhengChun, evidently they thought the identity of Ye ErNiang’s lover, his temperament, his behaviour, his age, all of them similar to him. Someone recalled: “Previously the ‘Four Great Evils’ visit Dali, most likely they are searching for Prince ZhenNan to settle this debt.” Even Duan ZhengChun himself was suspicious: “I met quite a number of ladies, don’t tell me she is included as well? How come i don’t recall at all? If i implicated her, even if i lose all my reputation in front of the heroes, i definitely cannot treat her unfairly. But….but….how come i cannot remember anything at all?”

The black-robed man said brightly: “The child’s father is right here, why don’t you point him out?” Ye ErNiang was startled, she said: “No, no! I cannot say.” the black-robed man said: “Why did you burn a total of 27 incense scar on your child’s waist and buttocks?” Ye ErNiang covered her face and said: “I don’t know, i don’t know! I beg you, don’t ask me anymore.”

The black-robed man’s voice is still dull and flat, it seems as if he is unconcerned, he continued: “When your child was born, you want him to be a monk?” Ye ErNiang said: “No, no.” the black-robed man said: “Why, then why did you burn these incense scar on him?” Ye ErNiang said: “I don’t know, i don’t know!” the black-robed man said brightly: “You refuse to say, but i know. Because this child’s father is a Buddhist disciple, he is a reputable eminent monk.”

Ye ErNiang groan out, she can’t support herself anymore and fainted.

At once everyone made a huge clamour, base on Ye ErNiang’s reaction, it seems the black-robed man is correct, as it turns out her secret lover is a Buddhist monk, moreover he is a reputable eminent monk. Everyone whisper to one another, discussing the identity of the monk.

Xu Zhu help Ye ErNiang up and said: “Mother, mother, wake up!” after a long time, Ye ErNiang woke up and said softly: “Child, quickly help me down the mountain. This….this man is a devil, he….he knows everything. I don’t want to see him. This hatred….there is no need to avenge anymore.” Xu Zhu said: “Yes, mother, let us go now.”

The black-robed man said: “Wait, i have yet to finish. You don’t want revenge, but i want revenge. Ye ErNiang, why did i snatch your child, you know the reason? Because….because someone snatch away my child, my family ruined, husband and wife, father and son, we cannot reunite. I did it for revenge.”

Ye ErNiang said: “Someone snatch your child? You did it for revenge?”

The black-robed man said: “Correct, i snatch your child and put him inside Shaolin’s vegetable garden, let Shaolin monks raise him up, teach him martial arts. My own child, someone snatch him away, he was adopted and a Shaolin monk teach him martial arts. You want to see my true identity?” he did not wait for Ye ErNiang to reply and took off his face curtain.

The crowd cry out in alarm, his face is squarish with big ears, beard overgrown, his appearance extremely formidable, he is around 60 years of age.

Xiao Feng was pleasantly surprised, he rush forward and kneel down, his voice trembling: “You…you are my father…..”

The person laugh heartily and said: “Good child, good child, i am your father. We father and son have the same figure and appearance, anyone can tell straight away that i am your father.” he stretch out his hands and pull open his front jacket, revealing a tattooed wolf’s head, he raise his left hand and help Xiao Feng to stand up.

Xiao Feng pull open his front jacket as well, revealing a green tattooed wolf’s head, mouth wide open and bearing its fang. Both of them walk shoulder to shoulder, suddenly they look up to the sky simultaneously and whistled, the sound is like violent gale and anger cry, it transmit to a distant place, even the mountain valley echoed, when the crowd of heroes heard it they cannot help but shiver with fright. The ‘Eighteen riders from YanYun’ pull out their blade and cry out with them together, although there are only 20 people but they exude might and power, as if they are a magnificent army of thousands men and horses.

Xiao Feng retrieve a tarpaulin package from his bosom and open it, revealing a patched white cloth, he spread it out, it is an imprint of the writings on the stone wall given to him by monk ZhiGuang, the characters written on it are all Khitan text.

The bearded old man pointed at the last few words, he smile and said: “The final words of Xiao YuanShan, the final words of Xiao YuanShan! Haha, child, that day in my grieving state i jump off the cliff to commit suicide, who would have expect, my life did not come to an end, i fell onto a branch of a large tree, unexpectedly i survived. My desire to die already dissipate, a new desire for revenge arose. That day at YanMen Pass, the heroes from Central Plains did not bother to inquire the truth, they killed your mother who did not know any martial arts. Child, tell me, should we avenge this hatred!”

Xiao Feng said: “I cannot live under the same sky with the enemies of my parents!”

Xiao YuanShan said: “Those who killed your mother, more than half of them were killed by me at the scene. The former Chief of Beggar Clan Wang JianTong contracted an illness and died, he got off lightly. But the leading ‘Big culprit’, he is still healthy and alive till now. Child, tell me, what should we do?”

Xiao Feng said unhurriedly: “This person was deceived by a rumour, it was not his original intention. He already confess and repent. Moreover, father you are alive and well today, child is extremely hearten, let us just write off this hatred with one stroke.”

Xiao YuanShan gave a long sigh and shouted: “How can i write it off with one stroke!” his gaze electrifying, one by one he scan the face of the crowd of heroes.

When the crowd of heroes lock gaze with him they felt as if they are in danger, although they have absolutely no relations with the matter at YanMen Pass, but seeing Xiao YuanShan’s expression, nobody dare to move or even give out the slightest bit of sound for fear of inviting trouble.

Xiao YuanShan said: “Child, that day your mother and i carried you to visit your maternal grandmother, unexpectedly when we reach YanMen Pass, 10 martial art experts suddenly jump out and killed our entourage. Great Song haven deep hatred towards Khitan, it is not strange for them to kill each other, however these warriors have been waiting in ambush, obviously it was premeditated. Child, do you know the underlying reason?”

Xiao Feng said: “They obtained news and mistakenly believe that a Khitan warrior is coming to Shaolin to seize martial art manuals, after that he will return to Liao nation and prepare to invade Great Song, thus they carried out the ambush and killed my mother.”

Xiao YuanShan laugh bitterly and said: “Hei hei, hei hei! I did not have any intention to seize martial art manuals from Shaolin, they accuse me wrongly. Fine, fine! Xiao YuanShan will carry it through since it started, since they accuse me, i will simply do it for them to see. For the past 30 years, Xiao YuanShan has been hiding in Shaolin, i look through all their martial art manuals till hearts content. Senior monks from Shaolin, if you are capable you can come here and kill Xiao YuanShan, if not the martial arts of Shaolin will surely spread across Great Liao. It will be too late if you try to attempt another ambush at YanMen Pass.”

When the crowd of Shaolin monks heard it, they were overwhelmed with shock, mostly like his speech is not false, if the martial arts of Shaolin spread into Liao nation it would be like a tiger that has grown wings, what should they do? Along with the rest of the crowd of heroes, they pondered: “No matter what we definitely cannot let this man leave the mountain alive!”

Xiao Feng said: “Father, at that time the leading big brother killed my mother, it is due to misunderstanding, although he was impulsive but he did not deliberately commit evil. However there is another evil person, he killed my foster parents the Qiao couple, my reputation became tainted, father do you know who is the person?”

Xiao YuanShan laugh and said: “Child, i killed the Qiao couple!”

Xiao Feng had a huge shock, his voice trembled: “Father, you killed them? Why…..why?”

Xiao YuanShan said: “You are my biological child, husband, wife and son, the whole family united together, can you imagine the happiness? But these southern warriors treat us Khitans as lower than pigs and dogs, they kill us for no reason, they stole my son and gave him to someone else, become other people’s son. The Qiao couple pretend to be your parents, since they take away my family bliss and they never told you the truth, then they deserve to die.”

Xiao Feng heart turn sour, he said: “My foster parents treat me extremely well, both of them are very good people. That being the case, the one who set fire on Dan household, murdered grandma Tan, Zhao QianSun, etc, it was……”

Xiao YuanShan said: “Correct! I did it. Although master ZhiGuang died, but i still strike his ‘Taiyang acupoint’ to vent my anger. These people knew the leading big brother who killed your mother, but they refuse to say, each and every one of them shielded him, don’t tell me they don’t deserve to die?”

Xiao Feng was speechless, he pondered: “The ‘Great evil person’ i have been tracking down all along, it turns out to be my father, this…what should i say?” he said slowly: “Shaolin Master XuanKu instructed me in martial arts, 10 years of effort, my achievements today is entirely due to revered teacher’s training…..” he lowered his head, his eyes tearful.

Xiao YuanShan said: “These southern martial artists are devious and treacherous, how can they be good? I killed XuanKu with a single palm.”

The crowd of Shaolin monks chanted in unison: “Buddha is merciful, Buddha is merciful!” their voice full of grief ad indignation, although they have yet to step forward to challenge Xiao YuanShan, but their chanting already contain deep sorrow and anguish, it already embodied their determination, they will not let the matter rest.

Xiao YuanShan continued: “Among the people who killed my beloved wife and snatch away my only son, there is the Chief of Beggar Clan, there are also experts from Shaolin, hei hei, they only hope to cover this bloody sin forever, turn my son into a Han Chinese, make my son take the enemy as master, succeed the enemy and become the Chief of Beggar Clan. Hei hei, child, after i land a palm on XuanKu, i hide myself nearby, soon after i saw you paying respect to that bald thief. XuanKu saw the resemblance in us father and son, he assume it was you who hit him, even that young Buddhist monk cannot differentiate between us father and son. Child, we Khitan endured injustice and their bullying, do you think it is enough?”

Xiao Feng finally understood, why at that time when Master XuanKu saw him, unexpectedly he was so startled, why that young Buddhist monk adamantly accuse him of killing XuanKu. Who would have expect the true killer to be someone who bear strong resemblance with him, linked closely by flesh and blood?

Xiao Feng said: “Since father killed these people, then there is no difference from me killing them, it seems i did not bear this bad reputation in vain.”

Xiao YuanShan said: “The chief evil who lead the ambush at YanMen Pass, the one who destroyed my family, i have investigated everything clearly. If i kill him with a single palm, won’t he get off too lightly? Ye ErNiang, wait!”

He saw Ye ErNiang holding onto Xu Zhu, step by step they are walking further away, at once he shouted out to stop her: “Who help to deliver your child, if you refuse to say then i will say it. I hide beside Shaolin for so many years, i enter the temple every night, which matter can escape my eyes? Both of you meet at Ziyun Cave, he ask grandma Qiao to deliver your child, various kind of affairs, i need to narrate everything in full details?”

Ye ErNiang turn around, she rush several steps towards Xiao YuanShan, knelt down and said: “Old hero Xiao, you are humane and righteousness, please be magnanimous, spare me, spare him. My child and your son are sworn brothers, he….he…he have great reputation in the martial arts fraternity, his status and position….he is so old already, if you want to kill then please kill me only, don’t…..please don’t trouble him.”

Previously the crowd heard Xiao YuanShan mentioned Xu Zhu’s father is a ‘reputable eminent monk’, now Ye ErNiang said his reputation is great, his status and position extremely high, putting the descriptions together, could it be this person is an eminent monk from Shaolin? Everyone cannot help but gaze towards the white-haired old monks from Shaolin.

Suddenly abbot XuanCi said: “Excellent, excellent! Since there is a cause, then there must be a resolution. Xu Zhu, come over here!” Xu Zhu walk towards abbot XuanCi and kneel down. XuanCi scrutinize him for a long time, he stretch out his hands to caress Xu Zhu’s head gently, his face tender and loving, he said: “You have been in the temple for 24 years, unexpectedly i did not know you are my son!”

When he finish speaking the crowd of monks and heroes made a huge clamour. Everyone had looks of being flabbergasted, appalled, disgust, anger, fear, pity, all sorts of expression, it is really hard to describe. Abbot XuanCi is a person of high moral standings and reputation, everyone admire and respect him very much, who would have imagine him to commit such act? The disturbance went on for half of the day before coming to a rest.

XuanCi said unhurriedly, his voice still serene and calm like normal: “Senior Xiao shizhu, you were separated from your son for 30 years, you cannot meet him, however you knew his martial art is excellent, his reputation soaring, he is a first class hero, in your heart you must certainly be comforted. I get to see my son every day, however i thought he was taken away by some ruffian, his life and death unknown, i worry day and night.”

Ye ErNiang cried: “If….if you didn’t say it, won’t….won’t it be better? What to do now?” XuanCi said tenderly: “ErNiang, i already commit the evil deed, it is too late to go back, it is useless to cover up the truth. All these years, you have suffer much!” Ye ErNiang weep: “No! You suffer in silence, unable to voice it out, that is true suffering.”

XuanCi shake his head slowly, he said: “Senior Xiao shizhu, the battle at YanMen Pass, old monk made a huge mistake. My brothers forgave me for this matter but one by one they lost their lives. Previously old monk tie my hands and voluntary seek death, i intend to let your esteemed son kill me to avenge his mother, however your esteemed son is benevolent, he refuse to kill old monk and let me live till today. Today, old monk voluntary seek death again, it is truly long overdue.” suddenly he raised his voice and said: “Murong Bo senior Murong shizu, at that time you spread false information, you claim a Khitan warrior is carrying out a large scale attack to seize Shaolin’s martial art manuals, eventually this led to all kinds of sin, have you ever felt a twinge of guilt and regret?”

Everyone heard him say the name ‘Murong Bo’, they was startled. The crowd knew that Gentleman Murong’s father had a single name ‘Bo’, however he died a long time ago, how come XuanCi suddenly call out his name? Could it be the person who spread false information is Murong Bo? Everyone follow the direction of his gaze, however his pair of eyes are focusing on the grey-robed monk sitting under the tree.

The grey-robed monk gave a long laugh, he stood up and said: “Great master abbot, your eyesight is terrific, unexpectedly you recognize me.” he pull away his face curtain, revealing his lively and refined features and long drooping white eyebrows.

Murong Fu was pleasantly surprised, he shouted out: “Father, you….you are still alive?” countless questions bubble forth: Why did father fake his death? Why did he conceal it even from his own son?

XuanCi said: “Senior Murong shizu, i known you for many years, i respect your character deeply. That day you inform of this matter, old monk firmly believe you without any doubt. Later on i accidentally injure a good person, from then on old monk never saw you again. Afterwards i receive news of your death due to illness, old monk felt deep sorrow and lament, i assume you and i are the same, we mistakenly believe someone else’s false information, ultimately leading to numerous sins, thus you died early due to guilt, who would have expect…..sigh!” his deep sigh embodied boundless regret and condemnation.

Xiao YuanShan and Xiao Feng look at each other, only until now, both father and son finally got hold of the identity of the person who spread false news, the person who instigated the matter and created the disaster, unexpectedly it is Murong Bo. Xiao Feng pondered: “The disaster at YanMen Pass, although abbot XuanCi is the leader, but he is Shaolin’s abbot, he is duty bound to protect Great Song and the martial art manuals of his temple. Later on when he discovered the mistake, he did his utmost to atone for it. The true evil person, it is Murong Bo not XuanCi.”

When Murong Fu heard XuanCi’s speech, he understood immediately: “Father spread the false news, it is to incite a big battle between Song and Liao, eventually leading to war between Song and Liao, my Great Yan can then take advantage from within. After the event, XuanCi will inevitably seek my father out to question him. Since father cannot defend himself, his status as a great hero, a towering figure, he cannot admit the matter and destroy his lifelong illustrious reputation. He knew abbot XuanCi’s temperament, if he die then XuanCi will never disclose the truth behind the matter and damage his reputation after death.” immediately after he had another thought: “After father’s death, Murong family’s reputation is unaffected, i can still continue the great undertaking to restore Great Yan. If not, the heroes of Central Plains will surely treat Murong family as the enemy, it is difficult to even survive let alone gather forces to restore Yan nation. Thus, at that time, he definitely have to fake death. It seems that father is afraid of my youthful vigour, i will inevitably give the game away, thus he concealed his death from me. Other than mother, i am afraid even elder brother Deng and the others are kept in the dark as well.”

XuanCi said unhurriedly: “Senior Murong shizu, today old monk heard you advising your esteemed son, unexpectedly your Gusu Murong family is the descendant of monarch, hatching a grand scheme. The true purpose of spreading false news, it became apparent right away. However your grand scheme, ultimately it is difficult to achieve, aren’t you causing the death of many innocent lives in vain?”

Murong Bo said coldly: “Man propose but heaven dispose!”

XuanCi’s expression is compassionate, he said: “My junior martial brother XuanBei, he receive orders from me to inquire the matter from you, perhaps his speech offended you, or he found out some clues at your home and deduced your intention to revolt, thus you killed him to prevent him from divulging the secret.” Murong Bo laugh and did not reply.

XuanCi continued: “But you killed Ke BaiSui, Ke shizu, why?”

Murong Bo laugh darkly and said: “Senior abbot is incomparably astute, you rarely step out of your temple main gate but you know all the matters in Jianghu like the back of your hand, i admire you greatly. I want you to make a guess for this matter…..” he have yet to finish when two men bellowed simultaneously and pounce towards him, its ‘Golden Abacus’ Cui BaiQuan and his martial nephew Guo YanZhi. Murong Bo brush his sleeve, both Cui and Guo were thrown several zhang away, they lie down on the floor and remain motionless, unexpectedly both of them was hit by his [Finger Within The Sleeve].

XuanCi said: “Ke shizu is rich and powerful, his conduct cautious. En, you recruit solders and horses, accumulate wealth and stockpile grains, you settled on Ke shizhu’s property, you want to recruit him and make him take up Murong’s ‘Yan banner’. Ke shizhu refused, maybe he even try to report you to the authorities.”

Murong Bo laugh heartily, he stick out his thumb and said: “Senior abbot is amazing, amazing! But it is a pity, you are able to see the minute details but you fail to see the major issues. Elder brother Xiao and i hide beside your noble temple for so many years, unexpectedly you remain completely ignorant about it.”

XuanCi shake his head slowly, he sigh and said: “It is easy to understand others, but difficult to understand oneself. It is not easy to subdue an enemy, but to subdue the greed, anger and delusion in one’s heart, the three poison, it is incomparably difficult.”

Murong Bo said: “Senior abbot, base on our former friendship, i will speak forthright and not hide anything from you. What else you wish to inquire?”

XuanCi said: “The Vice-Chief of Beggar Clan Ma DaYuan, Madam Ma, Clan Elder Xu ChongXiao, Clan Elder Bai ShiJing, four of them, senior Murong shizhu did you kill them, or they were killed by senior Xiao shizu?”

Xiao Feng said: “Madam Ma and Bao ShiJing conspired together to kill Ma DaYuan, Elder Xu was killed by both of them as well, Bai ShiJing was killed by his own clan member when they tidy up clan affair, Madam Ma died during the tidying of clan affair as well. As for the details, Prince Duan from Dali and Beggar Clan’s Elder Zhu saw and heard everything. If abbot wish to know the details you may find out from both of them later.”

Xiao YuanShan took two steps forward, he point at Murong Bo and shouted: “Old thief Murong, previously i traded palm 3 times with you, i deeply regret not knowing you true colours, i did not kill you. Come over here to receive death!”

Murong Bo gave a long laugh and leap swiftly up the mountain. Xiao YuanShan and Xiao Feng shouted: “Chase!” they chase after him separately from left and right. The 3 of them had reached the pinnacle of martial arts, in a blink of an eye they already move far away. Murong Fu shouted: “Father, father!” he followed and chase as well. His lightness martial art is excellent, however it appear insignificant when compared to the 3 experts. Murong Bo, Xiao YuanShan and Xiao Feng, 1 in front and 2 behind, unexpectedly the 3 of them are running towards Shaolin Temple. A grey shadow and two black shadow, in a split second they vanished behind the yellow walls and glazed tiles of Shaolin Temple.

The crowd was greatly surprised, they pondered: “The martial arts of Murong Bo and Xiao YuanShan are on par with each other, in addition their sons are assisting as well, Murong family will lose for sure. How come Murong Bo did not run down the mountain to escape, on the contrary he enter Shaolin Temple?”

Deng BaiChuan, GongYe Gan, Bao BuTong, Feng BoE, as well as 18 Khitan warriors, they want to run up the mountain to assist their master, when they are just about to move, XuanJi shouted out: “Deploy the formation and stop them!” around a hundred Shaolin monks chorus, row after row they block the road up the mountain, their staff or blade held horizontally, they prevent anyone from advancing. XuanJi said in a stern voice: “Shaolin Temple is a sacred Buddhist site, it is not a place for private fights. Shizhu, please do not enter without permission.”

Deng BaiChuan and the rest saw their impressive power, they knew they cannot break through, although they are concern about their master but they have no choice but to stop. Bao BuTong said: “Correct, correct! Shaolin Temple is a sacred Buddhist site……” all along he always begin with “not true, not true!”, unexpectedly he change to “correct, correct!”, those who knew him were flabbergasted, however Bao BuTong continued: “…a sacred site for raising illegitimate child!”

When he finish speaking, several hundred pair of angry eyes shoot towards him. Bao BuTong is reckless, he is fully aware there are many martial art experts among Shaolin monks, he is certainly no match for any of the monks from ‘Xuan’ generation, he have always been blunt and forthright, he never consider the consequence before speaking. Several hundred Shaolin monks glare at him angrily, he also glare back angrily, his eyes unblinking.

XuanCi said brightly: “Old monk broke a major prohibition and brought disgrace to Shaolin’s clear reputation. Junior martial brother XuanJi, base on our temple’s regulation, what is the punishment?” XuanJi said: “This…..martial brother…..” XuanCi said: “A nation has its own law, a family has its own regulation. Regardless of which sect, school, clan or temple, they will inevitably produce some unworthy disciples. To maintain a clear reputation, it is not to hope nobody will ever break the rules, but to enforce the law and administer justice, no tolerance to any evil deeds. Law enforcement monk, administer 130 rods on Xu Zhu, 100 rods for his own sin, 30 rods for which he willingly accept in place of his master HuiLun.”

The law enforcement monk look at XuanJi. XuanJi nod his head. Xu Zhu is already kneeling down to receive punishment. At once the law enforcement monk lifted his rod, rod after rod it landed on Xu Zhu’s back and buttocks, his flesh lacerated from the punishment, blood splatter in all direction. Ye ErNiang felt her heart ached, however she is fearful of XuanCi’s strict manner, she don’t dare to plea for leniency.

With great difficulty 130 rod was completed, Xu Zhu did not use his internal energy to resist, he was in so much pain that he can’t stand on his feet. XuanCi said: “From now on, you are expelled from the monastic order, you are not a Shaolin monk anymore.” Xu Zhu shed tears and said: “Yes!”

XuanCi continued: “XuanCi commit lascivious act, he commit the same sin as Xu Zhu, his punishment is doubled due to his capacity as Shaolin’s abbot. Even if Bao shizhu did not say it, Shaolin’s regulation will definitely not let him off lightly. Law enforcement monk, punish XuanCi heavily with 200 rods. Shaolin’s clear reputation is of top priority, there cannot be any leeway.” when he finish speaking he crouch down on the ground, facing the distant Buddha statue at Shaolin’s Hall of Great Strength, he lifted his monk robe, revealing his bare back.

The crowd of heroes look at each other in dismay, Shaolin’s abbot being punished in public, it is truly horrifying, it greatly go against convention.

XuanJi said: “Martial brother, you……” XuanCi said sternly: “Shaolin’s hundred years of clear reputation, how can it be spoiled by me?” XuanJi said tearfully: “Yes! Law enforcement monk, administer the rod.”

Two law enforcement monk put their palms together, bow and said: “Abbot, please pardon our offense.” at once they stood upright, lifted the punishment rod and strike towards XuanCi’s back. Both monk knew that when XuanCi is being punished, the most painful feeling is not due to physical pain, but the pain of being humiliated in front of everybody, if they hold back while striking bystanders will be able to detect it and it will become a matter for gossip, then abbot XuanCi would have suffer humiliation for nothing, thus they did not hold back and strike forcefully, ‘Pa Pa’ sound, in a short period of time XuanCi’s back and buttocks are riddled with rod scar, blood splattering on his monk robe. The crowd of monks listen to the law enforcement monk counting of rods, they lowered their head and pray to Buddha in silence.

Pudu Temple’s Master DaoQing said abruptly: “Senior martial brother XuanCi, your esteem temple values monastic discipline, abbot receiving punishment in public, i really admire very much. But senior martial brother XuanCi is old, moreover you refuse to use your internal energy to protect your body, you cannot withstand this 200 rods. I may be presumptuous but let me make a suggestion, since we already administer 80 rods, we will take note of the remaining rods and administer another day, it will not violate your esteem temple’s monastic discipline.” a large number of people shouted out: “Correct, correct, we wish to ask for this favour as well.”

XuanJi have yet to reply as XuanCi said brightly: “Many thanks for everyone’s good intention, but our temple’s monastic discipline is unshakeable like a mountain, there cannot be any leeway. Law enforcement monk, quickly employ the rod.” the two law enforcement monks already suspend the punishment, when they heard the abbot’s firm speech, they have no choice but to carry on hitting. They administered another 40 rods, XuanCi cannot withstand anymore, his pair of hands soften and his face touch the ground.

Ye ErNiang cried: “You cannot blame abbot for this matter, it is all my fault! My father had a serious illness, great master abbot visit us to provide treatment, he saved my father’s life. I was grateful towards him, admire him, a woman from a poor family unable to return the favour, thus i gave myself to him. I was young, silly and ignorant, i did not realize my mistake, it is my fault. The….the….the remaining rod, let me receive it!” while weeping and shouting, she rush forward to lean on XuanCi’s body to receive the rod on his behalf.

XuanCi pointed with his left finger, with a light ‘Chi’ sound, he sealed her acupoint, he smile and said: “Silly woman, you are not a Buddhist nun, you did not break any prohibition, where is the sin?” Ye ErNiang lie down on the ground, unable to move, tears streaming down her eyes.

XuanCi shouted: “Administer the rod!” with great difficulty 200 rod was complete, blood flowing all over the ground, XuanCi forcefully summoned a mouthful of inner energy to protect his heart so as to avoid fainting due to the pain. The two law enforcement monks held the rod vertically and said to XuanJi: “Reporting to head-monk, abbot XuanCi’s punishment is done.” XuanJi nod his head, he don’t know what to say.

XuanCi struggled to stand up, he said: “XuanCi violated a major Buddhist prohibition, he cannot be the abbot of Shaolin anymore, from now on, the abbot position will be held by the head-monk of Discipline Courtyard XuanJi.” XuanJi step forward, he put his palms together and bow, tears streaming down his eyes, he said: “I receive the decree.”

XuanCi directed his finger at Ye ErNiang and pointed, he want to undo her sealed acupoint, unexpectedly it is difficult to condense internal energy due to his serious injury, his finger had no effect at all. Xu Zhu saw the situation, he quickly rush forward to undo his mother’s acupoint. XuanCi beckon both of them over, Ye ErNiang and Xu Zhu move beside him. Xu Zhu was in turmoil, he did not know if he should address him as “father” or “abbot”.

XuanCi stretch out his hands, right hand holding onto Ye ErNiang’s wrist, left hand holding onto Xu Zhu, he said: “For the past 20 years, every day every night, my heart worry for both mother and child, i committed a huge sin, but i don’t dare to confess to my fellow brothers, today i finally free myself, henceforth i have no fear or worry, my heart is at peace.” he said a Buddhist verse: “One’s time on earth, there is desire and affection, worries and hardship, to free oneself is happiness!” when he finish speaking he close his eyes slowly, his face revealed a peaceful smile.

Ye ErNiang and Xu Zhu don’t dare to move, they are unsure if he have more to say, however they felt his palm getting colder. Ye ErNiang had a huge shock, she stretch out her hand to check his breath, unexpectedly he died, she shouted out: “You….you….how can you abandon me and leave?” suddenly she leap up in the air, her body falling down from mid-air, with a ‘Peng’ sound she landed beside XuanCi’s feet, she twitch a few time and stop moving altogether.

Xu Zhu shouted: “Mother, mother! You….you….you must not……” he stretch out his hands to support his mother, however he saw a dagger stuck at the pit of her stomach, only the handle is exposed, most likely she died as well. Xu Zhu sealed the acupoints around her wound quickly, at the same time he channel his internal energy into XuanCi’s body, he was flustered, he desire to bring both of them back to life simultaneously. Xue MuHua rush forward to assist, however he saw their heart and breathing had ceased, there is no hope, he advised: “My condolence to martial uncle. You cannot save these two senior anymore.”

Xu Zhu refuse to give up, he channelled his [Pure Energy of Northern Darkness] for a long time, but where is the least bit of activity from them? Xu Zhu’s sorrow burst forth, he cannot help but sob loudly. For the past 24 years, he thought he was an orphan with no father and mother, he never get to experience the slightest bit of family bliss, today he finally found his biological parents, however the reunion was less than an hour and both of them died miserably.

Initially when the crowd of heard that Xu Zhu’s father is Shaolin’s abbot XuanCi, everyone felt that he did not abide monastic regulation, they despise him greatly, but later when he allowed himself to be punished in public to preserve Shaolin’s clear reputation, his bravery is truly extraordinary, such heavy punishment should be enough to make up for his moment of folly. Unexpectedly when he completed the corporal punishment and hand over the abbot’s position, he immediately severe his own meridian channels. Originally his death would have ended all trouble, he should have seek death early and not reveal his lascivious act, avoid the humiliation of 200 rods, however he refused to cover his past sin and insist on suffering the punishment of rods for the sake of protecting Shaolin’s clear reputation, its truly the conduct of a great hero and great man. The crowd respected his character and conduct, a lot of people walk forward and bow at his corpse in respect.

Crocodile Deity of Southern Sea said: “2nd sister, you are dead now, Yue LaoSan won’t fight with you for the ranking anymore, you can simply be number two.” he step forward and kowtow at Ye ErNiang’s corpse. For the past few years, he will do anything to fight for supremacy with Ye ErNiang, he hope to surpass her in martial arts and occupy the position of “Number Two Evil Under the Heaven”, unexpectedly he willingly cede the position to her, it is truly not easy for him but because he is devastated by her death and he also admired her courage to sacrifice her life for a noble cause.

__________

Annotate: Buddhist monastic disciplines undergo various change for successive generations. When Buddha was alive, many Indian monks disagreed over monastic disciplines, some monks pointed out that when a blind monk travels he will violate the prohibition against killing when he step on an ant, Buddha offered his explanation: Whether or not someone violates a prohibition, it ultimately boils down to the person’s intention and motivation (followers of Sakyamuni Buddha emphasize to have consideration for all things), when a blind monk steps on an ant it is accidental, he did not intend to kill, thus he did not violate any prohibition. When ancient Buddhist recount cause and effect, they will often use motivation and intention as the starting point. When Buddha was exterminated, Buddhist subdivide into many factions, “Sarvastivada” being the major faction, they have their own monastic disciplines but any faction can also comply with it. Various factions congregate frequently and attempt to unify scriptures and monastic disciplines, however they did not succeed because monastic discipline is part of everyday life, it will vary base on different geography, climate, habits and local customs. When ancient India’s Buddhism spread into China, the main monastic disciplines comprises of <> and <>, the regulations are not alike and the contents extremely complicated, there are a thousand prohibition, three thousand prohibition, twenty one thousand prohibition, up till eighty four thousand prohibition, thus due to the sheer size of content it is extremely easy for monks to break a prohibition, as a result there are four different situation, open, protect, persevere and crime, some prohibition are open-style, it does not require strict adherence; some prohibition are compulsory; for some prohibition, if they are violated, the monk only need to confess to his companion and repent and the prohibition can be considered to be forgiven.

Prohibition, in Sanskrit it is known as ‘Sila’, it stipulate the regulations guiding daily activities of Buddhist; Law, in Sanskrit it is known as ‘Vinara’, it is a set of rules governing Buddhist monastery and institution, prohibition and law are distinct and different. Basic prohibition is five prohibition for lay Buddhist, monks have ten prohibition for novice monk, for more comprehensive details in accordance with <> there is two hundred and fifty prohibition for Buddhist monk, three hundred and forty eight prohibition for Buddhist nun. After the rise of Mahayana Buddhism, base on <> and <> there is Bodhisattva prohibition, it is also known as Mahayana prohibition. At the beginning of China’s Tang dynasty, eminent monk ZhiShou make known <>, it offers India’s Buddhist prohibition base on current situation of China, his disciple DaoXuan established law school, known as Nanshan School, it focus on monastic discipline, famous modern time Buddhist master HongYi came from Nanshan law school. (With regards to law school alone, in China there is Nanshan, Dongta and Xiangbu, three schools, their monastic disciplines are different from each other)

The exact details of Buddhist’s monastic discipline is very complicated, there are frequent dispute among various sect in India, it undergo considerable change after successive generations. The most debated controversy is whether or not monk can touch gold and silver as it is termed “silver money prohibition”, this prohibition is not easy to abide by in normal daily life. In India and Thailand, monks depend on Dana (Buddhist practice of giving) for food, thus they cannot refrain from eating non-vegetarian food, moreover they live in tropics region, food rot easily, as a result they adhere strictly to “prohibition of no eating after noon”, in modern times, there are still quite a number of monks in China who maintain these prohibition, in reality if not for the humid weather such prohibition is unnecessary in northern part of China. A Buddhist leader once told the author (Jinyong), when he attended a Buddhist conference in a foreign country, a foreign monk delegate suddenly withdraw from the event because the conference is held in a grand hotel, the monk’s sect had a monastic discipline: “one may not share the same room of the same roof with woman”. This prohibition make sense in ancient India, however modern hotel will surely have woman tourist staying, thus the foreign monk had no alternative but to withdraw from the conference to abide by his monastic discipline.

There is a scenic place in Xi’an known as Giant Wild Goose Pagoda, reportedly when Buddhist master Xuanzang and his disciples set off their journey from Chang’an (ancient name of Xi’an), they saw a wild goose drop on the ground and die. His disciples debated, some say that since the goose is dead to feed on it is not regarded as killing; some believe they must not eat non-vegetarian food, although the goose is dead but they cannot eat it. A pagoda was erected later in remembrance of this matter.

In a critique from a physics professor in Jilin prefecture, the monastic discipline of burning incense scar onto the head of monks originated from Mongol dynasty, Northern Song dynasty have yet to adopt such practice, thus the burning of incense scar on Xu Zhu’s buttocks by Ye ErNiang did not conform to historic records. In reality, the ideology of China’s Zen Buddhism is extremely open, there is the theory of “killing Buddha when meeting Buddha, killing ancestor when meeting ancestor”, however it does not really mean to kill Buddha or ancestor, rather it is to eliminate the notion of “inviolability of sacred Buddha” from one’s heart and not become rigid in religious dogma, the so called “abusing Buddha and scolding ancestor” is the tradition of Zen Buddhist. Zen Buddhist put emphasis on breaking the inherent logic and thinking in one’s mind, this is to avoid entering the dead end of rationality, when your thinking is lively you will comprehend and become aware. For example, there is a famous phrase from Zen Buddhism: “ZhangSan drink wine but LiSi become drunk”, “How can you make sound by clapping with a single palm?”, “Empty-handed and holding a hoe, walking and riding water buffalo, man walking on the bridge, bridge flow but water does not flow”, etc, these questions are undoubtedly unreasonable and illogical, it is to make people study carefully so that they can comprehend the truth. A physics perspective on [Six Meridian Divine Swords] , one will immediately understand that energy does not have conductor (air cannot become a conductor), it cannot take effect through object. Shaolin monks in Northern Song dynasty does not burn incense scar, however Ye ErNiang said: “Old lady is not Shaolin monk, old lady like to burn my son’s buttocks, you outsiders dare to interfere?”

Ascetic practice is the tradition of ancient Buddhism, when Buddha first meditate under the Bodhi tree, he went 40 days without food and almost died, a female herder fed him cow’s milk to save him, as a result Buddha instructed his disciples they must not use ascetic practice for cultivation. However the head disciple of Buddha, JiaYe, is famed to be number one in ascetic practice. There are also Buddhists from China who mutilate themselves to demonstrate their sincerity towards Buddha, for example using blood to write scriptures, burning of eight finger tips as sacrificial offering to Buddha, piercing of arm to suspend stone censer, etc, burning of incense scar on head is a custom, it is one type of traditional ascetic practice, it is unrelated with monastic discipline in historic records. Shaolin Temple practice Zen Buddhism, Zen Buddhist focus on comprehension and not rigidly hold onto monastic discipline, however because they are a famed ancient Buddhist temple with thousand years of history they also have clear rules and regulation.

For the rules governing the daily life of Zen Buddhist in China, the most renown is drawn up by great master BaiZhang, it is known as “Clear Discipline of BaiZhang”, it is followed by most Zen Buddhist monks in China, among the rules there is a regulation necessitating planting of crops for own consumption (in the past China’s Buddhists deemed the ploughing of soil to be killing insects or ants residing within, a violation of prohibition against killing, thus farming is prohibited, this rule was abolished later on). Shaolin practice Zen Buddhism, their primary monastic discipline forbids use of martial arts to bully the good and innocent, etc. The author (Jinyong) wrote a stele for Shaolin Temple, the author was invited to participate in the unveiling ceremony for the stele and hence met with eminent monks from the temple, master YanWang instructed the author in “Tendon Changing Sutra” and “Marrow Washing Sutra” (ashamed of infrequent practice, due to laziness and no habit of practicing martial arts), in addition the author consulted abbot YongXin with regards to Shaolin’s monastic discipline, he learnt that Shaolin’s monastic discipline had change with time to suit the current age, it is suitable for Buddhist cultivation as well as modern livelihood, moreover many monks no longer burn incense scar on their head.

Even for scientist, their thinking should be open and lively, only then they can contribute great inventions, if not there are merely teachers who pass on knowledge. Naturally science teachers should be respected, however their status is somewhat lower, they are not at the same level with great scientist who create. Such scenario is the same in whichever academic discipline.

